
Established by GAMELOFT, the leading international developer and publisher of downloading games for iPhone, DSiWare, WiiWare, PS3Ware, PSP Go and Mobile Games, GAMELOFT PHILIPPINES is an ambitious and fast-growing company that aims to produce quality and renowned games and hire the best individuals in the software development industry. 
What We Do
We are currently focusing in developing games for these platforms:
»	DSi
»	PSP
»	iPhone
»	Consoles
And now, as we expand our business operations in Manila, we need more talented and results-driven people to join our team that will produce top rated games in Dsi and PSP platforms. If you are up for the challenge, GET IN THE GAME!
GAME PRODUCER

MISSION:
You main responsibility is to manage and lead the development team towards the completion of to game titles using internal development resource, from initial design to mastering, within agreed schedules and costs.  Specifically, you will be in-charge of:
»	Planning and management of allocated project(s) through all stages of the development cycle (concept, design, alpha, beta, gold).
»	Ensures timely delivery of deliverables such as but not limited to targets.
»	In-charge in team management and maintaining team morale.
»	Guarantees that the final quality of the game is achieved (game design, graphic design, and programming).
»	Creates and maintains accurate project plans and monitor project progress.
»	Maintains relations with the international development and marketing teams.
REQUIREMENTS:

»	At least 1 to 2 years experience in managing teams of creative people and managing creative projects from concept to release 
»	With technical background is preferred
»	 Must be willing to do whatever it takes to get the highest quality games on  agreed schedule or deadline
»	Must have passion for game development, and the ability to manage equally passionate people in a very demanding working environment
»	Must have independence and initiative i.e. proven track record of seeking out tasks, finding new ways to enhance productivity both personally and for the team
»	Extreme attention to detail without compromising the ability to do many things at once with ongoing interruptions.
»	 Highly developed written and verbal communication skills 
»	Has the ability to work under extreme pressure
Please describe your previous project (whether academic, personal or professional) and send your CV with « GAME PROD / PHIL » in the subject line to: recruit-phils@gameloft.com
________________________________________
About GAMELOFT 
Gameloft is a leading international publisher and developer of video games for mobile phones and consoles. Established in 1999, it has emerged as one of the top innovators in its field. The company creates games for mobile handsets equipped with Java, Brew or Symbian technology. The total number of games-enabled handsets is anticipated to exceed four billion units by 2012. Gameloft games are also available to players on WiiWare and DS, Microsoft’s Xbox LIVE Arcade, Apple’s iPod and PCs.

Partnership agreements with leading licensors and sports personalities such as Ubisoft Entertainment, Universal Pictures, ABC, Dreamworks Animations SKG, Endemol, 20th Century Fox, Viacom, Sony Pictures, Touchtone Television, Warner Bros., FifPro, Ferrari, Paris Hilton, Gus Hansen, Kobe Bryant, Derek Jeter, Reggie Bush, Chuck Norris, Jonny Wilkinson or Robinho allow Gameloft to form strong relationships with international brands. In addition to the partnerships, Gameloft owns and operates titles such as Block Breaker Deluxe, Asphalt: Urban GT and New York Nights. 

Through agreements with major telephone wireless carriers, handset manufacturers, specialized distributors and its online shop, Gameloft has a distribution network in over 80 plus countries. 

Gameloft has worldwide offices in New York, San Francisco, Seattle, Montreal, Mexico, Buenos Aires, Paris, London, Cologne, Milan, Madrid, Lisbon, Copenhagen, Warsaw, Helsinki, Vienna, Bucharest, New Delhi, Seoul, Kuala Lumpur, Beijing, Hong Kong, Singapore, Tokyo and Sydney. Gameloft is listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0000079600, Bloomberg: GFT FP, Reuters: GLFT.PA).

For more information go to www.gameloft.com 
