
Imaste is seeking strong technical ninjas with an accomplished background in developing complex web applications to join our growing international team. We are the European leader in the development of virtual events and online trade shows and we are looking to increase our reach, developing awesome virtual experiences for our customers and attendees around the globe.
The Role
    Delivering amazing virtual events and 3D experiences
    Working with a young &amp; talented team to come up with creative solutions to meet our customers’ adaptation needs
    Foster technical innovation in both code and processes in creating and maintaining a complex web application
    Coming up with innovative code solutions to complex problems
    Helping develop the structure and operations of a growing team
    Work with a variety of cross-functional teams (3D, web design, operations, sales) to build awesome web applications.
 
Your personal skills
    Certain Geek factor – Passion to stay up to date with current trends in web development
    Proven problem solving skills with a knack for thinking out of the box and innovation
    Mature and independent, but willing to join an active team work
    Ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment
    Focus on quality and attention to the user needs
    Fluent English speaker
    Demonstrated experience presenting technology recommendations from a business perspective.
 
Your core skills
    At least 2 years of professional experience in front-end or back-end development
    Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent experience
    Very strong understanding of software and database design with strong object oriented design skills  (Java &amp; Actionscript preferred)
    Knowledge of MVC based frameworks
    Experience in refactoring of existing code and architectures to improve performance and maintainability (Backend: JEE, Spring, Hibernate, PostgreSQL; Frontend: Actionscript, SWFaddress, Cairngorn, Flex)
    Experienced in structured development environments (version control, release processes, light documentation), so that you are able to help us become a larger and more mature engineering team
 
Your extra bonuses
    Table tennis player, to join our bi-weekly internal tournament :P
    International experience
    Previous experience in an Agile/Scrum environment
    Experience in managing quality in scalable web-apps and working with high-volume traffic
    We also count as relevant experience self-started personal projects
    You speak other languages than English (Spanish is something you will learn here, by heart!)
Is this the role for you?
IMASTE is a start-up with big plans, experiencing an exponential growth in more than 20 countries, with many future opportunities in terms of Research &amp; Development and personal career.
 
Our environment is exciting and we want to define the standards for human web-based interactions in the future. We are willing to take many risks and we compete with much bigger organisations internationally. If you are energetic and prepared to get fully involved in our vision, you will surely love the team, the freedom and the opportunity that this role will give you.
About us
IMASTE is the European leading provider of virtual events, 3D online environments and online trade-shows, that connect, inform and engage visitors and exhibitors.
 
Our customised solutions reduce travel costs and are environmentally friendly, while our customers are able to generate leads, networking, increase online sales chances and communicate projects or services globally.
 
Coming from the physical events industry, we evolved to become one of the major agents in the virtual fairs industry, with successful projects in various European, North &amp; South American countries. To date, IMASTE has delivered more than 125 successful virtual events for global clients in more than 20 countries.
 
Some of our global partners and customers include renowned brands such as The Economist, Monster.com, Deloitte, The British Council, Dridco…
 
We are located in downtown Madrid in a trendy office in Barrio Salamanca.
