
	We are looking SEO - Link builder Intern to be part of our Polish SEO (Search Engine Optimization) &amp; SMO (Social Media Optimization) team and learn how to apply several link building methods (Social Bookmarks, Web Directories, Articles, Private Blogs and Websites, Relevant Entertainment Websites and Communities).
The Internship project will last a period of 6 months in Barcelona, but could be extended in case the candidate outperforms and wants to develop a career in SEO inside InfoPraca in WAW. Your training and direct supervision will be done by our SEO Manager from Barcelona.
-What you need for this position:
Warm heart: Passionate about getting your feet wet in the field of Internet marketing, and learning a new skill set not taught in the classroom Warrior Bones : enthusiastic, Optimistic, Sociable and avid Internet user
Grown up attitude:Professional, independent, organized,
Hunter nature: Inquisitive, we want you to learn! Flowing mind:creative, and fast but efficient worker
-What you`ll be doing:
Linking - learn how to execute a successful link building campaign Results oriented: see your efforts as organic rankings climb, learn how to get to the first page of Google for specific keywords
Identify new link opportunities and network with other webmasters Learn about the importance of anchor text, PageRank, compliance with Google`s best practices, and other site authority metrics
We aim to train you and be able to generate an average of 10 links/day on related content sites to ours.
-What`s in it for you:
Work with a world class team on a large, fast growing web site! Become a master on Seo advise: Keyword trends and research, Quality back links ,keyword tracking
Highly valuable work experience an internet industry
Work in an International environment with a diverse and multicultural team Work in a fun and flexible company
Your Flag: Native Polish
A must: Proven fluent English level (spoken &amp; written)
Sheepskin: Coursing or recently finished a University degree in Marketing, Advertising or any related degree.
Passionate internet user at heart and team spirit
Top-notch written and verbal communication skills.
Requisitos deseados: 	Required Skills:
Your Flag: Native Polish
A must: Proven fluent English level (spoken &amp; written)
Sheepskin: Coursing or recently finished a University degree in Marketing, Advertising or any related degree.
Passionate internet user at heart and team spirit
Top-notch written and verbal communication skills.

