
Just Landed (http://www.justlanded.com) is creating ‘the’ online destination for people moving country and living abroad.
There are more than 200 million people living abroad worldwide, so we still have a lot to do. We’re looking for brilliant people who want to grow with our project and build a true market leader.You will be working on a high traffic site and your work will affect the lives of millions of people who visit our site every month.
You'll get to work and learn from skilled developers in our office in Madrid that has a garden with a barbecue ;)
We have flat hierarchy in the team and the atmosphere is startup,not big company.
If you are looking for a challenging environment where you can develop professionally and build technology which people use and enjoy, we want to talk to you.
What are we working with?
Ruby / Rails, Python, Git, Cucumber, Rspec, Selenium, Memcached,Squid, Capitstrano, Hudson, Redmine, Google App Engine, Amazon EC2 and S3, and a bunch of other stuff.
Who we are looking for?
We have several positions open so we are recruiting from senior /experienced developers down to high-potential individuals with little experience. What all candidates will have in common is a passion for software development and a strong appreciation of the
importance of the user experience. You have to be able to learn quickly, communicate well and co-operate effectively in a team.
I'm a Frontend developer - does this fit?
Yes. We have open positions for Web Designer / Frontend Developers. This position does not require all of the programming skills above, but it does require a high level of proficiency with HTML, JavaScript, CSS and extensive UI experience on complex web applications.
Do I need to know Ruby on Rails?
We are developing on Ruby on Rails, so experience with Rails is preferred. We will consider candidates with a high level of competence in another web development framework. You should have a broad knowledge of programming concepts (classes, inheritance, coding practices, etc) and be capable of producing high-quality functional, maintainable and logical code.
What should you already know?
You are not expected to be an expert in all of the following, but you should have basic competence in: Unix / Linux environment, relational databases, HTML, CSS and JavaScript, HTTP protocol, etc. You should be able to defend yourself from different browsers and be able to make a good attempt at conceptualising how UI and user workflow should work for individual processes.
Which languages do we speak in the office?
12 nationalities in the office means the common language is English. You should be able to write and speak to a level where you can communicate clearly, but fluency is not a requirement. Knowledge of Spanish is not a requirement.
