
NO POR EMAIL - APUNTATE En nuestra web: Ad Revenue Manager
Findasense is seeking an Ad Revenue Manager reporting to the Head of Content and Revenue to drive its new content network venture.

This is an exciting new development, which is creating the foundations for a media and  content network for our advertiser customers. This role is critical to the business strategy by developing a compelling product that will attract revenue.

The role purpose is to lead the revenue strategy that drives business objectives. 

This role will grow the digital business through innovative revenue generating products; namely af?liate partnerships, white labelling, advertising sponsored initiatives and by growing ecommerce capability.

As a candidate you will have:

At least 2 years experience in a similar position 
Experience working with digital assets (SEO, af?lliation, content, platform) 
An understanding of the online advertisement medium 
Ability to work in a pressurised environment for a fast growing business 
Attention to detail 
Excellent communication skills 
Ability to manage a number of projects at one time 
You will need extensive and deep knowledge of web site content management as well as experience with online advertising, revenue and monetization.

You will seek to develop an innovative advertising product strategy that will increase yield on the sell out sites and improve the product offering. Beyond advertising, you will account manage new revenue partnerships; assessing performance and, where appropriate, choose new suppliers, partners or af?liates.

The ideal person for this post will be a highly networked individual, with demonstrable experience of digital business development, commercial partnerships, and Digital product management, all preferable within a media or online business.

Most important is excellent business acumen of what makes money in digital, proven experience delivering tangible revenue uplift and the right mix of team, stakeholder and project management skills.

You must be willing to be operational in the deal making process, including researching, writing business models, negotiating, close scrutiny of the ?gures and day to day management. A background in entertainment, fashion, lifestyle online publishing would be ideal. 

This is a great opportunity for a digital professional looking for a management position leveraging an exciting new venture.
NO POR EMAIL - APUNTATE En nuestra web: Ad Revenue Manager
