
Are you interested in designing complex web applications and interactions used by hundreds of thousands of people?
Imaste is seeking a very creative web designer, with strong conceptual skills to join our growing international team. We are the European leader in the development of virtual events and online trade shows and we are looking to increase our reach, developing awesome virtual experiences for our customers and attendees around the globe.
 
The Role
    Design flows and experiences that are incredibly simple and elegant
    Take broad, conceptual ideas and turn them into something useful and valuable for our exhibitors and attendees
    Work with a young &amp; talented team to come up with creative solutions to meet our customers’ adaptation needs
    Help the team to develop best practices for ensuring a high bar of quality
    Collect and analyze user behaviour data through a variety of channels (user testing, log analytics, surveys)
    Collaborate cross-functionally with sales, operations and engineering to ensure a smooth product development process
    Execute in a fast-paced and highly fluid environment
 
Your personal skills
    Passion to stay up to date with latest web design tools and trends
    Extremely detail oriented. You strive for pixel perfect implementation in all browsers
    Ability to handle multiple projects under tight deadlines
    Ability to multi-task and tolerate change in priorities
    Ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment
    Focus on quality and attention to the user needs
    Fluent English speaker
 
Your core skills
    At least 2 years of professional experience in Web and Graphics Design in a professional business atmosphere.
    Degree in Web design, UX interaction or usability from a renowned institution or equivalent experience
    Very strong understanding of usability, web architecture and design principles
    Thorough knowledge of graphic design and website design tools
    Strong portfolio featuring examples of interaction design work with examples of well thought out interactions and clear visuals across web applications
    Ability to think at a high level about product strategy and vision (not just ‘how it should look’ but ‘what we should build’)
    Ability to build what you design
 
Your extra bonuses
    Table tennis player, to join our bi-weekly internal tournament :P
    International experience
    Some experience with front-end programming (you are able to code up a simple web site and/or an application.)
    We also count as relevant experience self-started personal projects
    You speak other languages than English (Spanish is something you will learn here, by heart!)
 
Is this the role for you?
IMASTE is a start-up with big plans, experiencing an exponential growth in more than 20 countries, with many future opportunities in terms of Research &amp; Development and personal career.
 
Our environment is exciting and we want to define the standards for human web-based interactions in the future. We are willing to take many risks and we compete with much bigger organisations internationally. If you are energetic and prepared to get fully involved in our vision, you will surely love the team, the freedom and the opportunity that this role will give you.
 
About us
IMASTE is the European leading provider of virtual events, 3D online environments and online trade-shows, that connect, inform and engage visitors and exhibitors.
 
Our customised solutions reduce travel costs and are environmentally friendly, while our customers are able to generate leads, networking, increase online sales chances and communicate projects or services globally.
 
Coming from the physical events industry, we evolved to become one of the major agents in the virtual fairs industry, with successful projects in various European, North &amp; South American countries. To date, IMASTE has delivered more than 125 successful virtual events for global clients in more than 20 countries.
 
Some of our global partners and customers include renowned brands such as The Economist, Monster.com, Deloitte, The British Council, Dridco…
 
We are located in downtown Madrid in a trendy office in Barrio Salamanca.
