
Fjord is Europe’s leading digital design agency, structured around innovation and pushing the boundaries of digital service and interface design. We are working with leading companies such as Telefonica, BBVA, Nokia, HP, Orange, Vodafone, IBM and BBC. Last year we were named as one of Britain’s fastest growing private companies in The Sunday Times Virgin Fast Track 100.
Fjord Madrid office is looking for self-motivated team members who are passionate about interactive media and want to learn new skills, work in multidisciplinary teams, and deliver excellent quality solutions to Media, Telecoms, Internet Information Providers, Banking, and other industries. Interaction Designer works on research, concept, information architecture development, interaction design and user interface design to create digital services across multiple platforms.
Interaction Designers at Fjord are responsible for creating service concepts and designing user interfaces. Candidates for the role must have prior experience designing applications that balance user needs, commercial interests, and technological constraints. Ideal candidates should have 3-5 years experience or a master’s degree in Interaction Design. Experience designing for mobile devices is a plus.
The types of people we employ at Fjord are open, flexible and extremely creative. The types of projects we win push the capabilities of staff at all levels in the company. You must be up for the challenge and have the self-sufficiency and mental resources to flourish in a very demanding creative environment.
Experience desirable in the following type of core skills 
User &amp;amp; Design Research, User Testing, Comparative Review , Concept development, Information Architecture, Interface/interaction Design, Interaction development, Design documentation, UI/functional spec writing.
At Fjord we expect our interaction designers to have a broad view of digital product and service design. We generally work on highly strategic projects that require an understanding of complex service ecosystems. A deep knowledge of delivery platforms, cutting edge technology developments and the marketplace are essential for great service design. Demonstrating an awareness and enthusiasm for this holistic approach to design would be highly beneficial.
Strong online portfolio must be available for viewing
Candidates must speak English and Spanish, applications in English only to medina@fjord.es
Also visit our website on http://www.fjordnet.com/vacancies to see full Job Specification and Skills Requirement.
