
Traffic Manager
Empresa Coregistros
Localidad Barcelona

Buscamos:
As an Online Marketing Specialist, your responsibilities are:
Increasing traffic and improve conversion rates.
Developing online marketing strategies with different company departments (Management, Fieldsales, Marketing, Customer Service …)
Developing partnerships in order to attract and drive qualified traffic
Managing daily sales trends, data reporting and analysis.
Managing day-to-day operational work and projects across the organization
Profile :
1-2 years of proven experience in eBusiness/Ecommerce, Internet Advertising or Online Marketing  Manager
Strong analytical skills.
Ability to influence and gain consensus on complex issues across disciplines and develop comprehensive plans
Innovative thinking to drive sales growth and meet revenue.
Excellent communication skills both in English and Spanish are required for the job.
Excellent MS Office skills.
Adwords, Facebook Ads, database generation, email marketing and SEO knowledge.
To apply, please submit a complete resume/profile with cover letter attached written in English.
Ofrecemos:
We are located in a magnificent place surrounded by water on the World Trade Center in Barcelona, working with some of the best professionals and passionate Internet people.
Our goal is to help companies to get new and qualified database trought online campaigns such us Prizes, Quiz or Games. We can put your Campaign online in hours and start collecting people interested in the products of the company. We can reach the target fastly. In days, the Advertiser could have a great database to sell their products/services.
Co-Sponsoring, Co-Registration or Leads Campaigns are just some examples of campaigns we offer but we prefer to say we connect people interested in people.
Come join us!
Requerimos:
1-2 years of proven experience in eBusiness/ Ecommerce, Internet Advertising or Online Marketing  Manager
Strong analytical skills.
Ability to influence and gain consensus on complex issues across disciplines and develop comprehensive plans
Innovative thinking to drive sales growth and meet revenue.
Excellent communication skills both in English and Spanish are required for the job.
Excellent MS Office skills.
Adwords, Facebook Ads, database generation, email marketing and SEO knowledge.
Experiencia:
0 a 1 año
Idiomas:
Castellano, Inglés
Condiciones:
Tipo de contrato: Indefinido
Jornada: Completa
¿Te interesa? Apúntate aquí http://bit.ly/pUu190
