
Search Account Manager
Empresa ZENITH
Localidad Madrid
Persona con experiencia en SEM 2-4 años, preferiblemente con estudios de Biblioteconomía y documentación. Es clave que sea organizada, ordenada y sepa trabajar en equipo. Su trabajo consistirá en trabajar para un cliente multinacional muy exigente con una amplia gama de productos.
Buscamos:
Retain and Upsell clients based on understanding of Search Engine Marketing objectives.
Develop strategic search marketing initiatives for management level buyers at key accounts.
Understand the Search bidding platforms in order to provide regular feedback to Client of respective campaign metrics including
- Return On Investment
- Reporting Interpretation
- Creative Performance
- Keyword Generation
- Search Engine Updates
Serve as communication channel between Client, Campaign Managers and Account Executives to ensure global client satisfaction
Exceed Quantitative and Qualitative Objectives through Bonus Scheme
Increase Client’s Return on Investment while educating the client as to how it will be done.
Update Management of Issues, Opportunities, Meetings
Develop and Own Account Plan to actively identify Opportunities and grow accounts
Document Client history and maintain client records. 
Ofrecemos:
Contrato indefinido, buen ambiente de trabajo. Cheques restaurant, horario flexible, clases de inglés y proyección de tener una carrera profesional dentro de nuestro grupo.
Requerimos:
 Has worked in the Internet Advertising/ E-Commerce Industry for at least 2 years and over 4 overall professional experience
Has worked with Agencies and/or Advertisers and understands Advertiser’s general marketing objectives
Verse in Internet advertising buying and selling subjects.
Experience in planning/buying of online media will be highly regarded.
Ability to mine and analyze data in order to provide recommendations to clients
You must be conversant in search engine use, Internet terminology and traffic generation.
Online Advertising or Trafficking experience, as well as basic understanding of HTML relevance.
Ability to manage multiple tasks and prioritize work
Have strong sales and analytical skills – overall commercial awareness is a must.
Stay abreast of industry trends and all applicable technologies, including developments in – Online Marketing, E-Commerce and Online consumer behavior.
Must be self-motivated and be committed to delivering a level of service above and beyond the clients’ expectations.
Experiencia:
1 a 3 años
Idiomas:
Inglés
¿Te interesa? Apúntate aquí http://bit.ly/p37Ee2
Condiciones:
Tipo de contrato: Indefinido
Jornada: Completa
