
SEO Expert
Empresa Dreamstar Cash S.L.
Localidad Altea

Somos una empresa con 9 años de trayectoria pero con ambiente de start-up dedicado a la creación de proyectos propios de contenidos adultos con mas de 3,5 Millones de visitas/dia. Futbolín, ping-pong, dos monitores, cerca del mar, fiestas/cenas, formaciones internas y externas aquí no falta de nada. Visita http://www.dreamstarcash.com/ para mas información.
Buscamos:
We are looking to hire an in house SEO, you will be part of a fairly small but highly talented team of developers, SysAdmins and UI/UX specialist.
You will be required to work on all aspects of SEO within the organization, for example:
Monitoring existing search engine traffic (and we get a lot!) across all our projects and be on the constant lookout for opportunities to grow that traffic.
High level architectural decisions during the development of new projects, as well as proposing changes to our existing projects.
Outreach/link opportunities within both our existing industry connections and new contacts with the support of our own internal tools.
Evangelize SEO within the organization and educate others within the organization until SEO becomes a part of our DNA.
The role will be challenging, in return we offer:
The chance to join an established company with a start up mentality
Access to training/conferences on the company dime
A relaxed and fun working environment
The chance to work with high volume sites (+3,5 Million visitors/day in total)
Individual freedom and responsibility to to take ownership of problems and solve them in creative ways
Ofrecemos:
Typically you will have a 2 or 3 years SEO experience within a similar position, are analytical by nature, have a high level of English  and will be happy to relocate to Altea, Spain.
Bonus points: Experience working as part of an Agile team, Spanish, a solid understanding of html/css/js, experience with Business Intelligence/multi dimensional analysis tools, you are familiar with REWORK by 37signals and have used Basecamp/Campfire or similar tools in the past. A repertoire of jokes and internet memes that we have previously not heard.
Salary is negotiable.
Requerimos:

We are looking for someone who shares the same traits and ambitions as everyone else at Dreamstar Cash. You will need to excel at getting stuff done, be super smart and never want to stop learning. You will be excelling in your current role, and will want a new challenge.
You feel the need to push yourself so have various side projects you do just for the kicks. You are someone who instantly gets on with people, and enjoys meeting new people. Most of all you will know how to enjoy life and will want a company that encourages a fun working environment.
We are looking for someone that is able to work and run all aspects of SEO within our organization, you will need to build and maintain a relationship with our development department, content managers and ensure you are aligned with the overall business goals. Be constantly looking for ways to improve your process.
You will have a  varied and challenging day. You will be responsible for creating and executing a strategy to help our existing and new projects of all sizes kick ass.
Deseamos:

Experiencia:
1 a 3 años
Idiomas:
English and Spanish is a plus
Condiciones:
Tipo de contrato: Indefinido
Jornada: Completa
¿Te interesa? Apúntate aquí http://bit.ly/tQi9iE">http://bit.ly/tQi9iE">http://bit.ly/tQi9iE

