
yuilop is an innovative, international startup based in Barcelona, developing a mobile app based communication service that allows its users to communicate for free with any phone, any phone number and all their friends.
Within 1 month after launch of the iOS version in Germany we reached the Top 3 spot in the Social Networking category right next to Facebook and Skype. Our aim is to not only allow users to talk for free, but also create the best communication experience app in the world.
We’ re looking for creative, passionate new friends who want to share the startup experience of a new company with fresh ideas and big ambitions.
Job title: Service / Interaction &amp; Experience Design Lead
You will be responsible for designing, developing and documenting the user experiences of yuilop. You’ll be expected to work collaboratively with the business, marketing and development teams and in the execution of all user experience deliverables (examples include site maps, user journeys, transaction flows, schematics and navigation models).
Key Responsibilities:
The creations of service maps and wireframes for yuilop
Identifying and defining customer journeys for the service based on a comprehensive understanding of the viewer experience, customer scenarios and research
Identifying business opportunities present in such customer journey, finding the best way to balance benefits for the user and the business
Understanding the technology involved to ensure that both development and user requirements are met as far as possible
Understanding of best practice UX approaches and how to apply them
Requirements:
5+ years experience creating interfaces, large scale websites, or applications. Mobile experience a plus
A hard-earned bachelor’s degree in design or a related subject – or the equivalent on-the-job experience
Knowledge of interaction design, usability, accessibility, and information architecture
Demonstrated ability to work in a highly collaborative environment
Familiarity with the principles of user-centred design
Be proficient in crafting interaction design documentation: Persona, scenarios, wireframes, competitive analyses, flows, and conceptual maps
Be a natural a natural with Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop and InDesign – in fact, you’re constantly picking up new technical skills as and when the need arises.
Language skills: fluent English oral and written, as well as fluent oral Spanish skills
Self dependent, responsible, reliable, proactive, result-oriented, team player, flexible
Ambitious, smart, drive to grow and excitement to be part of a young, innovative and fast growing StartUp
Please provide us with a link to your portfolio in your application.
We’re looking for someone with passion, experience and proven success that will enhance our team of hard working, passionate professionals to provide people around the world the yuilop service so they can communicate for free.
If you agree that the world is changing and want to be right at the forefront of these changes, we want to get to know you.
Start date: asap
Location: Barcelona, frequent travel within Spain
Offer: We offer creative freedom, competitive salary including employee stock option program, as well as fun work environment in Barcelona city center with a fruit stocked kitchen and more
About yuilop
Founded in November 2010 yuilop has been the first company to provide unlimited free SMS to mobile users in its first step to fulfill yuilop’s vision of a world with free mobile communication.
Recently in April 2011 yuilop launched the service in its first market Germany and is preparing the rollout to more international markets in Europe and the rest of the world.
