

Empresa yuilop - the easy way to talk for free with everybody!
Localidad Barcelona
Mobile-app based communication service, putting your SIM in the cloud and make universal communication free again!
Buscamos:
What you’ll do:
Design, develop, and execute our public relations and communications strategy
Build awareness of yuilop and shape and maintain our public image by creating a unique wording and story
Write, review and compile media materials (i.e. press releases, corporate material)
Coordinate and answer media requests
Execute PR plans for product and release launches
Find smart ways to „spread the word“ about yuilop (viral, mouth-to-mouth, etc.)
Write blog entries, coordinate and build blog as communication tool
Help with marketing by writing and editing newsletters, website content and announcements
Work closely with CEO &amp; CMO, though having project-ownership &amp; responsibility
take care of communication with yuilop and share what’s happening at yuilop with the world
Ofrecemos:
creative freedom,
professional growth,
competitive salary plus bonus, 
as well as
fun work environment as part of
a young and very talented team
in Barcelona city centre
with a fruit stocked kitchen and more
Requerimos:
What we look for:
2+ years working experiences as editorial staff, writer or in a PR or online marketing agency.
Bachelor or Graduate studies in: Journalism, Media Studies, Communications, English or Marketing.
Perfect ability to operate in the social media „milky-way“…. We’re looking for a media junkies with personal expertise from among these channels
Passion for Social Media, PR, Networking, Blogging.
High level of general knowledge of the mobile and internet industry.
Demonstrated ability and willingness to take initiative.
Excellent attention to detail and strong writing and visual skills.
Superior knowledge of and experience with all relevant social media tools.
Working experience with WordPress.
Excellent English language skills with a passion for wording, any additional language skills a plus (German, Spanish, and more)
Ability to work both independently and as a team player, while recognizing the nature of a fast-growing startup.
A network within the mobile and internet industry is a plus.
Experiencia:
1 a 3 años
Idiomas:
English (must), Spanish (desired), German (ideally) and more
Condiciones:
Tipo de contrato: Indefinido
Jornada: Completa
Si estás interesado, inscríbete a la oferta en http://bit.ly/AgI998 , te llevará menos de un minuto. Por favor, para darte un buen servicio, no nos envíes tu CV por email.

