
Psycle Interactive Spain is looking for a digital producer with a strong creative flair and technical competence.  Based in our Barcelona offices, you will work closely with our teams in Barcelona and the UK, and on a range of exciting projects for international clients.
Overview


·       You are expected to manage multiple projects, and work with other team members to ensure office production requirements are met, liaising with the Production Manager, the Creative Director and the Managing Director. 
·       You should deliver multiple projects effectively both on time and to budget.
·       You must have the sense of how a product can work from a client (and end user) perspective, but also have the technical expertise to brief this in to the design team - properly quote it, and give the directors the confidence you can deliver.
·       You should play a key part in the overall success and smooth delivery of projects.
·       You are willing to work flexibly in a small team, and to do whatever it takes to get the job done!
 
Specific Skills required


·       Interpretation of client briefs and translation of same into clearly defined deliverables, and clear project documents including site IA, wireframes and functional/creative briefs, timeframes, project plans where applicable
·       Defining scope, cost and timings of digital projects to enable accurate client quotations to be made by the Company Directors/Account Handler responsible for the client.
·       Change request management to keep projects profitable (ie, managing the project on an ongoing basis ensuring that if client requirements change that they are quoted and pay for the extra time).
·       Risk Management – ie, ensuring clients are kept aware of any risks to final delivery and causes for them. Negotiating applicable changes to deadlines.
·       Managing resource necessary for delivery of projects
·       Ensuring the creative and technical quality assurance is of a high standard and on spec.  Responsibility for testing projects before client viewing. 
·       Provide a central point of contact for clients, thus needing good communication and client facing skills.
·       You need to be able to communicate effectively in order to pull teams together and get things done.
·       You need an understanding of all facets of web development including functional design, technical implementation and a working knowledge of programming and design constraints.
 
Additional Skills required

·       Business development, proposal writing, meeting attendance for new and existing clients as required.
Language Skills required

·     Native or extremely fluent Spanish
·     Very good written, and confident spoken English
·     Catalan and other languages would be an advantage
