
This role is based in Barcelona, Spain
Our Client is searching for an extremely creative and passionate individual, to lead and motivate their creative team. As Digital Creative Director you will be responsible for the conception, innovation and delivery of the company’s online and offline design projects. You will develop compelling functional design and navigation concepts, Flash movies, infographics and artwork for display via web, mobile, tablet and print. You will recruit, organise, manage and monitor a team of internal and freelance resouces; overseeing and taking full responsibility for their output, performance and quality.
Our Client expects candidates to have completed a design degree and to have at least 5 years working experience in an online or multi-agency environment and to have experience of managing a team of designers. Strong knowledge and experience in video/film, information design and digital branding will enrich your background experience. Only candidates who show an innate understanding of new media, technical feasibility and usability will be considered. You will be expected to convince, inspire and communicate through design.
 
Your responsibilities as Creative Director:
 
    Translate Business Goals into ‘award-winning’ creative concepts
    Deliver inspirational creative campaign work
    Day-to-day design management
    Internal presentation and project management
    Recruiting, directing, improving and managing the design team across multiple locations
    Delivering design projects to brief, on time and on budget.
 
Skills and Experience
Proven success in an agency or relevant design environment
Five-plus years of creative direction experience
Strong conceptual and design skills across all media platforms
Passionate about upholding brand guidelines and visual styles
Passion for design, advertising and copywriting
Ability to use lateral thinking to develop bold, brilliant conceptual work
Bachelor’s degree - preferably in Advertising, Graphic Design or a similar field
Polished presentation skills, demonstrating a clear rationale of your response to the creative brief
Strong organisational and management skills
Able to manage, grow and inspire creative teams
Ability to envision creative ways to leverage online ideas and technologies
High level of proficiency in branding, online marketing and media concepts
Excellent English language skills (other languages a distinct advantage)
Based at our Client’s offices in Barcelona, Spain, this is a busy and varied position. You will report directly to the VP, Marketing and focus on their existing in-house brands - taking creative responsibility for internal and external marketing/design projects across all platforms, including mobile and tablet. As our Client is solely B2B, you’ll need strong commercial awareness, and will be working alongside the sales, copy, marketing and internal development teams to launch new products, services and products. You will need to share our Client’s enthusiasm for the company's values and goals - and possess the energy and determination to achieve them. You will have exemplary attention to detail and be happy challenging others to ensure the best possible result.
If you’re tech savvy with a responsive “can do” attitude, pay close attention to detail and can demonstrate being far more than just a ‘another creative’, we’d like to hear from you!
This is a tremendous opportunity to join an exciting environment and be part of a fast-growing and ambitious company.  There are opportunities for on-going training and international career progression within the organisation. Interested applicants should apply below.
Our Client is an equal opportunities employer.
