
Empresa emagister
Localidad Sant Cugat del Vallès
Emagister is where students and training centers meet. On the one hand, Emagister helps students from 12 of the world's countries find the training that best suits their personal and professional goals. On the other, universities and training centers trust Emagister to improve their internet marketing and attract the type of students they need. Thousands of clients and millions of students have placed their trust in us over the ten years that we have been in existence, making us the internet leader in the training field. We currently have over one million courses, in six languages, with over 15 million unique users each month.
Buscamos:
Responsible for managing various email programs to drive engagement and revenue across the brand. The successful candidate will be responsible for:
-Ensuring that all email marketing campaigns are in alignment with their approved operational plan, budget, and timelines.
-Testing effectiveness of email marketing strategies and learnings for continuous improvement.
-Keeping current with competitive landscape, market trends, industry innovations and best practices across functional areas.
-Maintaining awareness of integration opportunities through web / mobile / SMS / social media elements.
-Identifying opportunities for growth and efficiency in email campaigns utilizing client data and industry best practices.
Ofrecemos:
It is a great opportunity to join a multinational and outstanding team within a dynamic and innovative company in which your ideas are important.
Great Place to Work. Multicultural, young and friendly environment. Excellent professional experts.
Flexible hours.
Other benefits.
Requerimos:
-Education – Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Business, E-Commerce, Marketing or a relevant field of work, or an equivalent combination of education and work-related experience.?-Experience – 2-5 years progressive work-related experience with demonstrated mastery of technical and business knowledge and understanding of multiple disciplines/processes related to the email marketing.
-Demonstrated project management experience in organizing, planning and executing marketing projects from conception through implementation.
-Demonstrated effective verbal and written communication skills in Spanish and English for the purpose of providing information to other departments of the company, vendors, senior management and staff.?-Demonstrated proficiency in business software products such as Excel, Microsoft Access, Word, PowerPoint.?-Demonstrated strong knowledge of Internet systems, marketing programs, and email deployment tools.?-Demonstrated ability to build and manage relationships with clients, vendors, and agencies.?-Demonstrated analytical skills and research abilitie
Deseamos:
Ideally looking for 2 years experience in lead generation and lead management.
Experiencia:
3 a 5 años
Condiciones:
Tipo de contrato: Indefinido
Jornada: Completa
Si estás interesado, inscríbete a la oferta en http://bit.ly/wUfekA , te llevará menos de un minuto.
