
Empresa LUMATA
Localidad Madrid
At Lumata, 500 professionals operate across 6 continents bringing over 10 years of experience in helping companies tap into mobile marketing opportunities and explore new ways to engage with customers on the move. Our vision is to create the most meaningful interactions between operators, OEMS, brands and their consumers over the world’s most prevalent digital channel – mobile
Buscamos:
• Work closely with delivery teams to collaboratively review and provide advice on design and development of a complex and integrated mobile client applications interfacing with advanced backend services. This role will heavily influence the project technical strategy, approach and deliverables.
• The architect will work across multiple organizations and gather relevant information driving the development, review the architecture, use cases, data flows and interfaces.
• Will be responsible of integrating all different platform services to expose efficient and quality services and APIs to the client development team. Services orchestration to meet complex business processes.
• It will ensure smooth integration between client development and backend services, to ensure UX/UI objectives are met.
• Lead meetings and discussions; articulate the solution and systems roadmap, the pros, cons, and risks, verbally and in writing.
• Identify, develop and manage opportunities to ensure that engagement work, products and deliverables are of the highest quality and cost-effectiveness
• Work closely with all parties to provide SME (Subject Matter Expert) input into previously created solution architecture documents, including IT architecture, functional and non-functional requirements specs, detailed functional and interface design documents and operational requirements
Ofrecemos:
We offer you a responsible position in a young and globally successful company with an interesting and diversified scope of duties. In an exciting industry you will work with highly professional colleagues, an international company culture that is also a lot of fun!
Requerimos:
• B.S Computer Science, Information Systems or Engineering.
• Strong team player with good English written and verbal communication skills. .
• Over 5 years of experience in complex integration projects.
Defining and working within a Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and Web services development environment with Java enterprise technologies: language, JVM instrumenting, memory management, etc
Experience with Java server side programming in a HIGH VOLUME LARGE SYSTEM / APPLICATION ENVIRONMENT including the availability, scalability, clustering, and performance design patterns
Developing system roadmaps and design documentation.
Expert in Agile development process, helping scrum masters with suitable tools from continuous development and testing.
Understanding of the application DEVELOPMENT and DEPLOYMENT life cycle and METHODOLOGIES.
Experience with developing positive and negative TEST SUITES FOR SERVERS
Experience on integration and cooperation with teams not under his direct command highly desired.
Expertise in Continuous Integration development with tools like Jenkins, nexus and/or sonar.
Familiar with  AJAX, JavaScript, Web 2.0 and Internet Webservices.
Strong knowledge of SQL and in particular MySql database server..
Knowledge in MOBILE SECTOR (content, formats, tools) is a plus. Experience on iOS, Android, Symbian...
Network Arquitecture, Protocols and Systems knowledge
Frequent travel required
 Deseamos:
Exposure to Redis, Mongo DB, REST, Alfresco, NoSQL, Performance Optimization, Agile Methodologies, Scrum
Experiencia:
5 a 8 años
Idiomas:
English
Condiciones:
Tipo de contrato: Indefinido
Jornada: Completa

