
Empresa Havas Media (MPG, Arena Media Communications, Havas Sport, Havas Digital, etc.)
Localidad Madrid Centro
Havas Media es la red global de medios de uno de los mayores grupos de publicidad y comunicación del mundo: el Grupo Havas. Está presente en más de 100 países, y cuenta con una plantilla de expertos multidisciplinares que supera los 1.000 empleados en España. Es la empresa líder del sector en Europa y América Latina (Fuente RECMA), en la que confían más de 1.000 clientes y marcas internacionales líderes en sus mercados.
Buscamos:
AIS is looking for a User Experience Designer who is passionate about creating social web applications that impact millions of users.
The ideal candidate will have exceptional organizational, communication and team-working skills and be able to lead the ideation and conceptual thinking through to prototyping and launch.
As the UX Designer, you will have outstanding written and presentation skills, with a core comprehension of the User Centered Design Process, which will support your design decision making. You will work closely with the product managers in design explorations, such as opportunity assessments and product feature definitions, and with the technical team to ensure the final product retains the original user focus
Responsibilities
Incorporate site analytics and user research and apply them intelligently into iterative design solutions.
Coordinate user testing and reviews before, during, and after product launch to inform internal design and development practices.
Produce user-centered design documentation including concept models, personas, sitemaps, usability reports, user flows and wireframes.
Develop interaction design solutions for product roadmap activities, including creating rapid prototypes and/or visual mockups as needed for user testing.
Keep current on user experience design research and pioneer and evangelize user experience design across the organization.
Create and maintain specifications such as interface guidelines and standards across products.
Translate usability test results into product design improvements.
Ofrecemos:
BBSS en funcion de salariio
Requerimos:
Requirements
A Bachelor’s degree in Interaction Design, Information Design, GraphicDesign, Visual Arts or relevant professional experience.
Detailed portfolio of wireframes, site maps, navigation systems, user flow diagrams, personas, heuristics assessments, functional specifications, and resulting web designs that demonstrates interaction and interface design competency.
Proven ability to interact with clients, manage expectations, and communicate persuasively.
Ability to diagnose, prioritize, and solve problems proactively.
Proficiency in diagramming software, such as Omnigraffle, used tocreate wireframes, prototypes, and other interaction designspecifications.
Expertise in drawing tools, such as Photoshop/Fireworks, Illustrator,and InDesign.
Front-end web development skills (HTML/CSS/JavaScript).
Passion for User-Cented Design and the ability to demonstrate creative mastery of the principles in interface design, informationarchitecture, interaction design and visual design.
Ability to develop wireframes to articulate information design andannotate interaction workflow requirements.
Demonstrated familiarity with web technologies and solutions thatenhance the user experience.
 
Experiencia:
Sin experiencia
Idiomas:
Ingles Medio alto
Condiciones:
Tipo de contrato: Indefinido
Jornada: Completa

