
 www.thedigitalmarvels.com – Barcelona, Spain (Gaudi Labs; Downtown Barcelona, near La Sagrada
Familia)
Job Description
As the Junior Art Coder, you will be responsible for adding creative yet pragmatic look and feel to our platform User Interface. You will bring a fresh perspective and working very closely with our CEO and UI/UX Designer as well as with our Front-End Developer Team.
You will have access to one of the best “software canvases” to express your artistic and creative skills in our retail, fashion and luxury products as well as our banking and insurance products.
We are looking for an Art Coder that can quickly create a beautiful sketch on paper and code it to perfection in HTML, CSS and JS. Can you pick up a blank page and quickly draw a beautiful sketch, picture the layout, the storyboard, the heat points, the colors, etc… and code it to a masterpiece? If so, keep reading.
Functional Profile
The Junior Art Coder will focus his/her efforts on working closely with the CEO and UX/UI Designer to create a single graphic and artistic vision across all touch points
Desired Skills &amp; Experience
The ideal candidate will have demonstrated success in the following areas:
- Experience:
       o This individual will have demonstrated recent experience mastering HTML, CSS and JS and have an understanding of Progressive Enhancement and OOCSS.
       o We are looking for an individual that will be able to develop from scratch one of the following artistic expressions from paper to code:
            # Comic books
            # Video Games
            # Agency High Touch projects – online and/or brick and mortar - video, photo or web
            # Industrial Design – automobile, hotels, ATM, point-of-sale, etc.
      o We prefer artistic, creative and coding skills vs. a solid understanding of site functionality, architecture, intuitive user interfaces, and navigation. (That said, you will need to collaborate with others that focus on ease of use to ensure an exceptional end-product.)
     o All above required experience might or not been achieved with knowledge of Photoshop, Illustrator, Flash, Dreamweaver, and InDesign. Knowledge of those tools is not mandatory for this job.
- Desired Skills/Characteristics:
    o Ability to roll-up their sleeves and be a team player. Ability to prioritize multiple projects; work in a fast paced environment and proactively initiate/self-start.
    o High energy level, integrity, and a strong work ethic.
    o Team-oriented and have a collaborative approach to creative development
    o  Excellent attention to detail and strong communication skills.
    o Experience in the fashion and/ or retail and / or luxury as well as insurance and / or banking categories is a plus.
    o Excellent understanding of all current channels (both on and offline).
    o Passion for Visual Design and Vector Graphics.
    o A good level of English (written and spoken).
    o Great sense of humor (especially on Mondays or in the middle of a fire drill).
    o Out-of-the-box approach desired. Experience concentrating and avoiding the “media-noise” as well as the “next-consumer-app” much appreciated. Stay current with Street trends rather than market trends.
    o Bachelor degree or Master or equivalent years of hands–on experience. We are unbiased between book smarts vs. code smarts. We want the best fit, not the best brand.
- Other:
    o S/he will be energetic; have a positive attitude and be able to communicate their passion.
    o S/he will also blend ambition with humility and have a demonstrated ability to focus on results while rewarding team members and acknowledging their contributions.
    o S/he will be well organized and an excellent communicator graphical, written and verbal forms.
Compensation
The Junior Art Coder will be compensated with a competitive base salary, bonus opportunity and stock options.
Relocation is not available. Visa transfers are not possible.
Company Description
The Digital Marvels is the world’s first commerce omni-channel platform. In 1 year we have created the most innovative product /platform in the industry; attracted 15+ of the most talented people in the tech / software industry and engaged with and validated our approach with 40+ clients in the retail / fashion / luxury and insurance / banking industries. Most recently, our investors, all of whom are individuals with amazing track records in these industries, have given us an additional level of validation.
Collectively, our investors and advisors bring C-level experience in the American, Asian (including
mainland China) and European markets at the following companies:
Retail / Fashion / Luxury: Gucci, Burberry, All Saints, Alexander McQueen, Christies, LVMH, VFCorp,
Abercrombie &amp; Fitch, MCM Fashion Group and Ralph Lauren.
Banking / Insurance: Morgan Stanley, Bridgewater Associates, CDIB Capital*, Deutsche Bank, Bank of
America , Merrill Lynch, ABN AMRO, Perella Weinberg Partners and New York Life Insurance.
If you always wondered what it was like to be part of the “glory days” at Apple, Microsoft, 3M, Costco, Intel, Nike, Idealab, J.Crew, Palm, etc… please give us a shout.[*][*][*]
