

Empresa Horyzon Media Worldwide
Localidad Madrid
Founded in 2004, Horyzon Media is a business unit of the large multinational publishing company, PaugesJaunes Groupe. We have been in business within Spain for 3 years and also operate parallel business units such a QDQ Media locally. Horyzon Media Worldwide enables advertisers to communicate to their target audiences all around Europe and all over the World, through one single contact and one single invoice for all countries.via relevant thematic product offerings for web, mobile and video campaigns. Please check our website for further information; http://www.horyzon-media.com/worldwide/
Buscamos:
Horyzon Media is immediately recruiting a Key Account Manager to manage the digitial ad sales of Ebay in Spain and also manage the day-to-day working relationship with our premium partner, Ebay.
This candidate needs to have experience working with another online ad network, large portal, online publishing group or digtal ad agency.
The position will report to the Country Manager and offers a great deal of autonomy, and visibility, managing the ad sales for Ebay within the Madrid and Barcelona markets.
This person wll receive support from senior management and related account administration
from within the team both locally here in Madrid and at headquarters office in Paris.
This is a great opportunity for a results driven person to become very succesful and have rapid advancement within the company.

Ofrecemos:
An immediate indefinite labor contract and good working conditions.  All work related expenses will be covered  by the company, to include local and overnight expenses plus a new laptop computer and smartfone for business use. There will also be an agressive variable component in addition to the fixed salary
Requerimos:
The candidate MUST have previous experience, and a strong knowledge base, within the digital media sector.  Also the person must have relationships with media planning, account and buying teams in the mainstream agencies such  as Havas, Isobar, OMG, Mediabrands, Vivaki, Group M as well as other media networks and targeted direct clients based in Madrid and Barcelona.
They should also understand the ecommerce business model, and have a strong working level of Business English. Additional skills would be knowledge of the DART ad server, Microsoft office 2010 software (excel)  and possess marketing skills to develop a go-to-market strategy for eBay advertising.
This person will also manage directly the relationship on a weekly/monthly level with appropriate reportings, conference calls and in market visits with our partner, Ebay.

Experiencia:
1 a 3 años
Idiomas:
Business English is a must, French or Italian would be a plus
Condiciones:
Tipo de contrato: Indefinido
Jornada: Completa
Si estás interesado, inscríbete a la oferta en http://bit.ly/zDLPfQ, te llevará menos de un minuto. Por favor, para darte un buen servicio, no nos envíes tu CV por email. 
