

Empresa yuilop
Localidad Murcia
Mobile-app based communication service, putting your SIM in the cloud and make communication free again!
Buscamos:
If you are passionated about details and highest quality, testing every bit and identifying problems to make sure  our world-class, international real.time communication product fulfills user expectations on a quality communication service… you will like this position.
Job Responsibilities
Test planning, design, and implementation
Providing test advice to developers
Teaming up with developers to create automated  test suites
Supporting continuous deployment systems
Ofrecemos:
We offer
competitive salary plus variable bonus
employee stock option programme
as well as fun work environment in Murcia CEEIM with a fruit stocked kitchen and exciting learning experience
Requerimos:
Minimum Job Qualifications
Experience in at least one scripting language (bash, lua, python, etc).
Extensive experience on Linux platforms.
Excellent communication skills.
Experience with Mobile Platforms iOS and Android
Preferred Job Qualifications
2+ years of test automation experience.
A BSc in Computer Science, Telecommunications or Electronic Engineering or equivalent.
Working knowledge of SQL
XMPP Knowledge is a plus
Deseamos:
Challenge: Sanity Bot
Create an XMPP Bot using the language of your preference that test a list of external components availability using XEP-0199.
The checks SHOULD be performed periodically every 5 minutes and provide a list of which services are online with the measured latency of the responses and a list of the components that did not replied within 5 seconds.
The bot SHOULD be able to login in the XMPP Server using a regular JID and password.
The bot SHOULD alert if the XMPP Server is not available or not accepting login.
Please send the answer to this challenge with your application … we only consider applications/CVs with completed challenge! we assure you, you’ll get a response from us!
Experiencia:
1 a 3 años
Idiomas:
English and Spanish
Condiciones:
Tipo de contrato: Indefinido
Jornada: Completa
Si estás interesado, inscríbete a la oferta en http://bit.ly/zGOpvd , te llevará menos de un minuto. Por favor, para darte un buen servicio, no nos envíes tu CV por email. 
