

Empresa yuilop
Localidad Barcelona
on our way to become the world's leading mobile-app based communication service, putting your SIM in the cloud and make all your communication free again!
Buscamos:
Your mission:
Find great new talents and get people excited about joining us
Coordinate on-boarding of new hire
Be our CCC: Chief of Company Culture
Manage all HR processes, documents and company swag
Establish and manage our company wide feedback process
Always there to help
Ofrecemos:
Looking for an interesting job in a young and dynamic environment? Join yuilop one of Barcelona’s hottest mobile startup!
yuilop is building the world’s leading free and universal communication service in the cloud. We are a high-paced, venture backed startup located in the heart of Barcelona. We have an awesome team environment, with feedback exchanged throughout the company from people who tend to be nice, talented, genuine, and fun.
After our launch in December 2010 we skyrocketed to the Top 1 spot in the Social Networking category of the itunes apps tore in Germany – Now we are targeting new challenges and markets that require to expand our team. We need to hire the best of the best and you are the one that will bring these people on board.
Your job will be to scout for new talents, foster personal growth across the whole team and be an evangelist of our mission: Building the World`s best free communication service.
What you can expect from us:
The opportunity to take on responsibility
Create your own job environment according to your needs
Fast decision making
Young, motivated and engaged team that want to change the world – at least a small part of it
 
Requerimos:
What makes you perfect for this mission:
You can get other people excited
You have a great (international) network
You have been working as head hunter, HR manager or sales Manager
Things never fall through the cracks – you are super reliable
People trust you and you can keep confidential information confidential
You never stop learning
Experiencia:
3 a 5 años
Idiomas:
English business fluency a must, ideally other languages like German, Spanish or French
Condiciones:
Tipo de contrato: Indefinido
Jornada: Parcial-Indiferente
Si estás interesado, inscríbete a la oferta en http://bit.ly/xd72H3  , te llevará menos de un minuto. Por favor, para darte un buen servicio, no nos envíes tu CV por email. 
