
Empresa NH Hoteles S.A.
Localidad Madrid
Empresa Multinacional Hotelera líder en su Sector. 
Operamos en 25 países de Europa, America y Asia, contando con más de 400 hoteles, 60.000 habitaciones y aproximadamente 18.000 empleados.
Buscamos:
? Bachelor in Engineering, Business administration or economics
? MBA
 
Professional experience:
? More than 5 year experience, mainly in hospitality industry or consulting company, with experience in team leadership in a project environment.
? Work experience in TI department or technological consultancy related with Business Intelligence will be required.
 
Ofrecemos:
A full time work position  in a multinational company with hotels in all around the world.
Requerimos:
? Business Objects and other business intelligence tools specialist.
? Data model in Business Intelligence and Customer relationship management environments.
? Advanced user in Access and Excel, as well as SQL queries, or Visual Basic.
Main responsibilities:
? BI Manager will report to Business Intelligence and Analytics Vice president, and he/she will be leading and ensuring the homogeneity of figures following business needs. An in-depth knowledge of information contained in company systems will be required
? Business Intelligence department at NH Hotels will give full support to the whole commercial department, both at corporate and business unit level. Main areas will be:
o Sales
o Revenue Management
o Distribution
o Marketing
o E-commerce
? BI Manager will analyze and create the information needed to ensure NH and commercial leadership team make the best decisions with the reports and analysis provided.
? Experience in analysis, design and implementation of commercial dashboards
? BI manager will work in create presentations and relevant reports to Commercial department and NH board directors
? BI manager will give support in new systems implementation, to ensure that information contained follows commercial department requirements


Experiencia:
5 a 8 años
Idiomas:
Fluent English (written and spoken).
Condiciones:
Tipo de contrato: Indefinido
Jornada: Completa

