
You will ensure that all Products material has consistent look and feel and that products messages are getting across. You will develop and create sales &amp;amp; marketing materials to help us convey and strengthening our visual identity for external as well as internal communication.
Digital communication is primarily in play (digital media, website/open pages, newsletter templates, banners, multimedia presentations, tutorials/videos…) but also more traditional communications play a role (printed material; brochures, products sheets, presentation material such as Office Word and PowerPoint).
As our Graphic Web Designer you will design creative concepts and solutions and handle the whole process from brief to final result. You will also handle the creation and updates of products printed and web based solutions. You will be managing the graphic production process and – if necessary - amend designs according to final comments.
You are studying, finishing or have already a graphic design degree. You master Adobe CS5 (InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, and Microsoft Office) and can carry on your designs in HTML and CSS – familiarity with content management systems and JavaScript knowledge is a plus.
You pay attention to details and have a high esthetic sense along with an understanding of branding concepts and online marketing principles. You are fluent in English and Spanish - both spoken and written. You have a high level of inter-personal and communication skills, with an ability to interface professionally with team members and stakeholders.
Full time position 
Location: Barcelona 22@
Start Date: October 2013
Salary: Depending on experience
Benefits:
Switch from on site to remote work / not all the time at the office / mobility
Flexible schedule
No dress code
Experiment with new techniques and technologies 
Learn from high availability environments
Grow on salary and position in a short term 
Want to learn and grow with us? Do you accept the challenge? Send us your cv to hr@eurocios.com and please add a cover letter to introduce yourself. 

