
At Sherpa we are looking for a Senior Interaction Designer in Bilbao
At Sherpa, we are building a world class team. At Sherpa we are entirely focused on creating the best product with an unbelievable user experience. We are currently looking for a Senior Interaction Designer. This position is a key role for our company and will report directly to the CEO. 
Sherpa is the interface to your digital life
Sherpa is the most advanced platform in the intelligent Virtual Assistant market, but not only that Sherpa goes further: We are building “the interface to our digital life.”
Sher.pa has become the #1 Voice-activated Mobile Assistant in the Spanish-speaking world in only 3 months. It has over 700,000 downloads and is extremely popular among consumers. It has been reviewed more than 38,000 times, receiving an average user rating of 4.5 on a 5-point scale.
And this is just the beginning...
What profile are we looking for?
We are looking for a strategic candidate for our company who will be responsible for analyzing, imagining, developing, and testing Sherpa: it´s new features, interfaces and other innovations to help build the product that will be the interface to our digital life. The design and UX are a very important part of our company´s culture and creative process.
Responsibilities: 
Product Design, UX design, mobile design, process and flow design, layout, etc.
Testing and Analytics: Cohort analysis, A-B testing, user testing, engagement testing, etc.
New feature analysis: Benchmarking, analytics, etc.
Quality control: Establish, coordinate and execute quality policies and standards.
User Experience: User testing, etc.
Knowledge Required: 
Mobile design, UX design, Android development, Photoshop, HTML5, CSS3, Java. It will be very helpful to have hands-on experience with the above technologies. However, we don’t expect you to be a master at all of them. The key is that you have a track record of designing amazing user experiences and leading teams to bring leading mobile products to market.

What´s the work environment?
Sherpa is at a phase in which there is a lot of work ahead of us. Seriously, you´ll need to work really hard as all of us do. We are a Start-up company that wants to change the way we interact with our digital lives, and this won´t be a piece of cake. All our decisions are based on data that needs to be collected, analyzed and interpreted.
You will need to do your own hard work, but obviously you will be side by side with the rest of our highly collaborative team. You will have the guidance and support of the CEO. Above all we expect you to be passionate about the work and our vision for the future.
What are we offering?
It depends on your profile and experience. But have no doubt that we are willing to invest in you to work with us.
Get in touch with us
If you think that you fit the profile we are looking for and are willing to challenge yourself please contact us: 
jobs@sher.pa

