
Descripción del empleo
These roles are based in Barcelona.
We're looking for 4 different positions, each one managing the countries of Spain, UK, Brazil or Germany.

We’re searching for somebody who can oversee all aspects of marketing for Whisbi. Reporting directly to the Vice President, Marketing the Marketing Manager will be responsible for defining and delivering our marketing communications and strengthening the corporate brand. A confident communicator, the Marketing Manager will represent Whisbi at industry events and roadshows, deliver keynote speeches and will be well-respected within the marketing industry.
With proven experience of managing PR and online marketing agencies and/or managing online marketing campaigns in-house (client or agency-side) the Marketing Manager will write copy, localize corporate marketing material, and oversee campaign management for Whisbi; as well as providing reporting and analysis of your marketing activities.
The Marketing Manager is responsible for managing advertising partners such as ad networks, media sales houses, traffic brokers and publishers and will have previous experience of large-scale online advertising. This is a hands-on role and candidates are expected to be expert in all aspects of online marketing – from the specification of campaign creative through to actual delivery via 3rd parties or via self-service platforms such as Google Adwords.
The Marketing Manager will develop premium content and initiatives to drive traffic to the Whisbi website as part of Whisbi’s content marketing strategy; will analyze results through the different marketing channels, and decide how to improve the work processes to capture more visitors and thus generate additional sources of revenues.
Some travel will be required.
Your responsibilities as Marketing Manager:
Campaign &amp; Communications management
Liaise with sales and account management teams, publishers, display networks, developers and designers to create “award winning” marketing campaigns
Delivery and optimization of multiple campaign types – CPM, CPC, Contextual, CPL, CPA, etc. across a range of online channels
Provision and analysis of campaign reports to the marketing department, sales teams and senior management
Utilizing in-house resources; responsible for organizing ad copy, campaign creatives, optimization, reporting and post-campaign analysis.
Maintain and develop current and new relationships with 3rd party PR agencies, traffic brokers, advertising agencies, networks and the Whisbi Ad Network team
Experiencia y aptitudes deseadas
Skills and Experience Required:
Proven success as a Marketing Manager for an eCommerce company, technology/software provider or digital/media agency
Analytical, creative, attention to detail, great time management skills and leadership experience
Outstanding teamwork, organizational and interpersonal skills
Expert Knowledge of PPC/ SEO/ Analytics/ Social Media and other online marketing channels
Experience in creating and developing ‘print ready’ online content and copy essential
An understanding of the legal and compliance issues regarding marketing on the web
A demonstrable ability to think on your feet and make smart decisions
Experience working in a fast-paced environment and an ability to learn new systems quickly
Fluent English and ideally one other European language
Advanced understanding of ad tracking and ad platforms
The candidate will be educated to Masters degree level in marketing, e-Commerce, business communication or a related field
Proven history of developing media campaigns that deliver positive ROI
Experience defining and launching interactive marketing projects and Digital marketing campaign and promotions.
Must be expert in all channels of direct marketing and e-marketing.
The candidate will be able to demonstrate past successes as well as initiative and creative thinking to achieve both client and business objectives.
Based at our offices in Barcelona, Spain, this is a busy and varied position. You will be responsible for implementing online marketing campaigns for a rapidly growing, Venture Capital-backed international technology company. You will be always looking to improve user journeys, engagement, lead generation and user insight. You will be happy challenging others to ensure the best possible result.
If you’re tech savvy with a responsive “can do” attitude, pay close attention to detail and can demonstrate you’re not just a good fit, but the “perfect fit”, we’d like to hear from you!
This is a tremendous opportunity to join an exciting environment and be part of a fast-growing and ambitious company. There are opportunities for on-going training, team or department management and international career progression within the organization.
