
We are looking for a person to join the interdisciplinary UX team of Telefónica Digital, which comprises specialists from all fields of digital design, namely business-intelligence specialists, design researchers, interaction designers, visual designers and production artists. 
The candidate will be trained under the immediate direction of the teams creative director, but collaborate closely with the specialists mentioned above, following an interdisciplinary approach.
The trainee will work on multiple UX projects for cross-platform software development (PC, tablet, mobile), namely in the security, cloud and financial services fields. He / she will also help on internal tooling such as business data visualization, standard UX components, UX templates and presentations. The multiple work streams will be set up on a case-by-case basis and managed by the team’s creative director.
The trainee will be fully embedded in the UX design process as a contributor in his / her own right (as appropriate for his / her level of experience) and focus mainly on the creation of visual design solutions on a systemic and applied level. 
This includes visual systems / L&F for interfaces, screen layouts / comps, typography and styles, detailed UI elements and particular design interventions to improve existing solutions. 
He / she will concentrate mostly on the visual / perceptive aspects of the overall experience, but also explore the conceptual and interactive aspects of things in collaboration with the other contributors.
Education
At least a preliminary degree as a visual designer, with a specialization in the digital field. 
Must Have Skills
He / she should have received training in and created practical applications for digital branding, UI design, timeline design, visual hierarchy & layout, typography, color systems and iconography.
He / she should be well versed with the standard techniques and tooling (Adobe creative suite - HTML5 coding, Video editing and 3D rendering are a plus) and also have experience in rapid sketching, illustrative drafting and paper / digital prototyping.
High level of written and spoken English is required.
Value Skills
Good experience with the different PC, tablet and mobile OS conventions and the corresponding specification requirements are a plus.
The position will be based in Madrid 
