
Would you like to join an e­commerce startup team?
We are offering an amazing opportunity to university/masters students in Barcelona to join our
six­month internship program. We seek motivated students, with formal design qualifications,
competency in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator) and experience in web design to
help shape the vision and direction of a growing tourist e­commerce startup.
Who is WePlann?
WePlann is an e­commerce startup offering tickets to musicals, shows, tours, attractions and
other unique, fun things to do in the best destinations in the world like Las Vegas, New York,
Rome, Paris, London, and many more.
Imagine being part of a project that you can help transform into something great by being part of
our Design Team. You can do this while working with a small, talented team of 7 professionals.
This is the ideal time to join WePlann.
You may also reference our current web site: www.WePlann.com
Design Internship Offering Responsibilities:
● Developing design briefs by gathering information and data through research.
● Thinking creatively to produce new ideas and concepts.
● Proofreading to produce accurate and high­quality work.
● Contributing ideas and design artwork to the overall brief.
● Keeping abreast of emerging technologies in new media, particularly design programs
such as Illustrator, Photoshop and Acrobat.
● Working as part of a team with copywriters, web developers and marketing specialists.
● Assistance with other initiatives carried out inside of an e­commerce startup.
Requirements
● Happy, talented and motivated.
● Available to participate in internships via a formal university agreement.
● Based in Barcelona.
● Area of Study: Graphic and Web design.
● Formal design qualifications.
● Competency in Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign).
● Experience in web design (Print and marketing design a bonus).
● Strong time management, interpersonal communications, and organizational skills.
● Must be able to work independently.
● Professional use of Google Drive and Gmail.
Languages:
● English: Fluent
● Spanish: Fluent
● Portuguese: a plus
General information:
● Number of positions available: 1.
● Internship duration: 6 months with possibility to incorporate on a full­time basis.
● Internship start date: As soon as possible
● Working schedule: To be determined. (Morning or afternoon) 
● Shift: 25 weekly hours.
● Internship location: Barcelona.
● Paid Internship: 500 euros per month
● Reliable personal laptop for use during internship
