
Do you?
- Love working with children 8-14 years old?
Do the little rascals adore you?  Do you have an iron hand on a silk glove for kids? Have a penchant for education?
- Have a tech/computer science background? 
Are you familiar with Code + Robotics for kids: Scratch, Minecraft, Tynker, Arduino, Raspberry Pi, Lego WeDo, Lego Mindstorms 
- Speak English?
Enough to conduct and educational program and communicate with children in the English language?
Then keep on reading. 
About Shannon Code and Play.
Shannon Code and Play is a dedicated educational institution focused exclusively on teaching code, robotics and recreational science to kids 8 and up. We prepare kids to explore their creativity and reach their full potential in a world dominated and articulated by technology.
We organize specialized Summer Camps, Workshops, Clubs, Seminars and Extracurricular Activities, in collaboration with Schools, City Councils, Companies and other institutions.
Shannon Code and Play is a high potential start-up company founded by experienced Spanish Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and based in Gijón (Spain) and San Francisco (USA). 
You can get more information visiting the site www.shannoncodeandplay.com and http://www.slideshare.net/ezequieltrivino/shannon-codeplay-eng 
What are we looking for: 
A person with strong social and entrepreneurial drive. He/she should be able and willing to navigate the challenges and hard work that every early stage start-up has.
A person who shares our mission and is more passionate for changing the world for the better – with Asturias as the starting place - than interested in making a lot of money – at least at the beginning.
The position – Roles and Responsibilities.
- Help and assistance in the preparation of the programs and syllabuses for Code, Robotics and Recreational Science. 
- Teaching the classes in Summer Camps, Workshops and Extracurricular activities.
- Help with the instruction to other coaches – teachers.
The position is based in Gijón (Spain) with occasional travel.
