
We are a successful technology startup and are expanding our team. We would like to hire an in-house lead web designer and/or frontend-developer, starting from October 2014.
Following two profile types that we would be looking for either: 
A talented web-designer:
You must be able to show us modern web designs that you have completed. Please apply only if you can send us high quality frontend or UI/UX design examples of your work (styles that we like include squarespace.com, airbnb.com and the UI/UX of slack.com).
You will need to be able to write clean HTML5, CSS3, and have experience with frameworks like Bootstrap and JQuery. 

Your tasks, among others, will include following responsibilities:
- Frontend and backend design
- UI/UX design
- Design of marketing material
- Implementation of designs into HTML
- Active participation in product decision from the start

Or: 
An experienced frontend-developer:

You need to be a programmer at heart, with years of experience with frontend development (HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap). You need to be an expert in Javascript and in Angular.js (or an equivalent framework). Any experience with Node.js or Dart lang will also be highly considered.
You will become our lead frontend developer and will participate in the full life cycle of our product.
You will not be required to be a rockstar designer, but if you have attention to detail and can improve designs with your own input that would be a great plus.

What we offer?
We offer a stable contract and a competitive salary, and if you prove your potential, we also offer shares in the company. We seek people that are highly motivated to work in a startup environment, where all team members significantly contribute to growth and success. If you would like to be part of a long-term project, if you love challenges and you have passion for what you do, then we want to hear from you.

The company is located in the center of Barcelona, and there is immense growth potential within the company. 
