
The George is looking for two dedicated WordPress/PHP Developers to help us build and maintain 1st class Content Management Systems.
This is not your typical WordPress role. You need to be passionate in providing great user experience, web design, development, and administration of the sites. You will be part of a special growing international team that focuses on engaging with our customers directly.
Hello, my name is The George and I am a performance marketing agency with a slightly different touch.
I listen and understand - in multiple languages.
I create and consult - with innovative ideas.
I develop and delight - with the latest technology.
I analyse and improve - based on customers needs.
I am with you - geographically and personally.
I am determined to create a workplace that consists of a diverse group and I would like to welcome you to Barcelona if you have that little extra, if you are a bit different, if you think you can make a difference for my international clients.
As part of a team, you will be delivering tailored solutions for our clients across the globe. The right individual for this role will be motivated and energetic who takes the initiative, and enjoys finding smart ways to solving problems.
Responsibilities:

Create and enhance engaging WordPress Consumer sites
Help recommend and implement SEO optimisations to keep us high in search engine results
You will be the go to person (gatekeeper) for production support
Train an existing team in WordPress development
Visual and Wireframe Design Interpretation and Integration
Responsive Theme and Child Theme Development
Plugin Development and Modification
New Page Template Development
Creation of Custom Post Types
Short Code Integration
API Integration
Development within a multiple server configuration including DEV, QA, UAT and Production servers.
PHP and HTML development outside of WordPress for landing pages, micro-sites, etc.
Write light, clean, logical, re-usable and well-commented code

Personal Characteristics:
Your motto is "there is a plug-in for that" or "let's build a plug-in for that"
SEO is very important to you and it shows in well-crafted and semantically constructed HTML 5 markup
You are passionate about your work and it shows in the form of projects that you have contributed on GitHub or side projects done in your spare time
Your leadership skills come through by demonstrating outstanding work
Comfortable working directly with people outside of your team including UX, Product/Project management and customers
Education, Technical Skills and Experience:

3+ years recent experience creating WordPress sites from scratch, developing themes, and plug-ins
5+ years software development experience using web frameworks
You have some design experience
Creating beautiful and engaging experiences should excite you
Mastery of PHP, HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript and jQuery
Mastery of developing WordPress Themes, Child Themes, Plugins and Templates
Mastery of common SQL commands and their correct use
Strong troubleshooting skills when plug-in conflicts occur
Experience securing WordPress installs and user accounts
Understand APIs and their integration into WordPress
Work well in a team environment
Excellent communication skills
Fluent English (spoken)
Spanish, German or Italian as second or native language would favourable
Self-Starter, with strong time management and prioritisation skills
Able to work under tight deadlines with divergent priorities
Must have: A portfolio showcase and/or Github account with public repositories and activities

Desirable extra skills:
Experience with mobile platforms
Experience with E-Commerce websites
Experience creating multi-lingual websites
Knowledge of WordPress Network Multi-site Beneficial
SALARY
Competitive dependent on experience.
Junior: 18k to 25k €
Senior: 25k to 35k €
Ultra Senior >35k €
