
Candidate Profile
Scytl is looking for a designer with a keen eye for quality, paired with the ability to grasp and translate technical capabilities into global innovative, eye-catching and quality graphical design to help take our election modernization technology and image a step far and beyond where other graphic design strategies have gone before!
Reporting to the Senior Director of Marketing Communications, the Graphic Designer is responsible for the design, branding an outbound image of the company’s corporate, marketing and sales communication look & feel. This includes responsibilities such the global implementation and maintenance of corporate image guidelines and templates.
Besides the relevant design knowledge and experience, we are looking for someone with attention to detail and a keen eye for quality, paired with the ability to grasp and translate technical capabilities into innovative, eye-catching and quality graphical design.
Responsibilities
    Design the overall outline of all marketing and corporate communication elements such as signs, publications, marketing brochures, web pages, social media initiatives, promotional displays, logos, and video content.
    Prepare visual presentations by designing art and copy layouts
    Leverage of diverse methods including typeset, color, photographs and illustrations to create a general design and layout. 
    Develops concepts and design material including blogs, newsletters, webpages, banners, invitations, advertisements, flyers, direct mail, banners, postcards and brochures.
    Manages printers and other production vendors to ensure budget and brand are maintained
    Assists the marketing team with brainstorming and content delivery strategies by contributing design artwork and ideas to the overall brief.
    Demonstrates illustrative skills through rough sketching and the use of innovation to redefine a design brief at minimum cost and time.
    Presents finalized ideas, designs and concepts to marketing and corporate "clients"
    Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
Requirements
    3 - 5 years of solid global design experience in both end user organization and/or agency.
    Showcase a portfolio of relevant international work which should ideally include designs for commercial, brand-conscious web sites.
    The ability to organize and prioritize multiple projects in a high pressure environment with tight deliverable timeframes.
    Knowledge of printing processes and the ability to create high quality and accurate artwork for all kinds of offline and online formats.
    Successful experience launching new corporate or product design and image.
    People and communications skills to interact globally with staff, colleagues and cross-functional teams, and third parties.
Education & Tools
    Minimum college or university diploma in graphic design, communication or related field is a must.
    Expert knowledge of Adobe suite (Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator ) and video editing tools (Adobe Premiere or Final Cut, Aftereffect), web Photoshop, Quark Express, Dreamweaver, Illustrator,
    Web site design experience for HTML/CSS to web standards and WordPress  are an added advantage to your resume.
