
Onetomarket is looking for a SEO Senior Technical Consultant to join our online marketing team.
Do you want to upgrade your professional career? Would you like to face new challenges managing big SEO strategies and business goals? Join us!
Being part of our team assures you a strong and professional experience in Online Marketing and leadership of a professional team. Be part of an international, experienced and friendly team!
What are we looking for? Senior Technical SEO Manager
Tasks & responsibilities:
A solid awareness of search technology and tools.
Ability to use Analytics and Search tools to identify technical issues and opportunities across a range of different website types including traffic generation and e-commerce.
Technical knowledge of Content Management Systems, Analytics, blogging / website production and social media profile management.
Capable of explaining technical issues to non-technical audiences
Comply with business goals of each client, suiting needs towards KPIs
Data: Manage data-driven optimization and analysis.
Launch and optimize SEO strategies / projects: keywords reports, SEO navigation structure, conversion rates optimization.
HTML optimization and other technical structures (JavaScript, PHP, etc.) in order to improve indexation
Linkbuilding and linkbaiting strategies implementation.
Web Performance Optimization: strategy and planning. Monitoring results.
Knowledge in Robots.txt, sitemaps XML, microdata (products, breadcrumbs, etc.) 
URL´s redirections, experience in web migrations.

Skills & Experience
Around 2 years of Experience in SEO E-commerce implementation, Google Analytics dashboards creation, A/B testing tools
Project management skills.
Redirects: experience in migrating websites
Languages skills: English and Spanish. Others (German/Italian) are a plus.
High analytical skills: basic knowledge Google Analytics, other BI tools to manage and understand online marketing KPIs.
MS Excel expert.
Interest in data analysis, online marketing, internet and new technologies
Pro-Active Spirit: constantly looking for ways to add value to the team.
Ambitious professional goals: hard-working, detail-oriented, organized, and motivated.
Academic skills: Marketing, Business, Economics, Statistics.
Knowledge: HTML, XHTML, JavaScript, JSP, ASP, PHP is a plus.
About Onetomarket:
Onetomarket is one of the pioneers in the field of online marketing. Since 2006 in Spain, the company specializes in international and challenging campaigns. With our interdisciplinary team, we are able to services our campaigns in more than 53 countries. We have specialists in all the relevant areas of online marketing: SEO, SEM, Social Media, Conversion Optimization, Business Intelligence and Web Analytics.
We are a team of professionals with extensive experience in managing online marketing campaigns for major accounts.  Thanks to the plurality and diversity of our customers, we have had the opportunity to gain experience in sectors such as Tourism (Travel), Retail and Finance, to name but a few.  Discover our online marketing team… and let’s share synergies!
