
Software is an essential piece of every business we build, and a fast and focussed development of mobile and desktop apps is key to success, and we need to be the best professionals in the area.
We work with agile software development to deliver robust and scalable products, always putting the user experience first. Everything we develop gets benchmarked and tested, and we always question the status quo, thriving to develop easier solutions for our customers. We are no fans of the “not invented here” syndrome. 
And now, we need a rockstar QA analyst/tester to take over full ownership of manual testing of all our web products. 
A motivated professional open to new challenges and who wants to be part of an amazing project.
These are some of the functions you will perform:
Define, develop, document, maintain and execute test plans (manual) for all products for existing and new features.
Propose and put in place new processes,  introduction of new type of tests as Load Tests, enhancements, etc.
Investigate problems reported by customers, report problems to developers with detailed description, verify fixes from development.
Perform all forms of testing: Functional, regression, smoke, sanity, performance etc.
 
Skills
Our perfect candidate should have University degree in computer sciences, and 2-5 years of experience working with similar tasks.
Work hard under time constraints and shifting targets, able to manage multiple tasks
Strong sense of responsibility from day one, ownership of tasks, proactive, organized and reliable
Strong motivation to work in a startup
Fluent in English, good knowledge of any other european language is a huge plus
Experience working with Agile methodologies (SCRUM and/or Kanban).
We offer
CDI with high expectations for international growth
Competitive salary based on experience and professional profile
Working in an international startup with a young and dynamic environment, result oriented and constantly developing.
Free massages every week and other beauty treatments offered on our website

