
PLEASE, BEFORE YOU APPLY FOR THE POSITION, TAKE INTO ACCOUNT THAT:
We are Alternative Consulting People. Digital native, young, international, talented, and funny.
We work so close to the client, that we are considered its in-house digital department.
We work in a disruptive space, where we experiment on always improvement processes.
Imagine a place where you work hand to hand with your client and team within a high creative environment. We are looking a Digital Regional Creative Director, immerse in thousand campaigns, communication lover, marketing one to one, social conversations, engagement, promotions and branded content.
With passion to develop client relations with high profile companies within an international environment. 
You will create digital marketing strategies, present them to clients and along with your team of consultants, strategists, market analysts, community managers, content creators and designers make them happen. Also really close to you a demanding, positive, creative and results oriented client. 
JOB DUTIES
To lead, motivate and mentor the Real Time Content Creation Team Leaders of the region
Ensure all communications have compelling and enticing content.
Ensure the brand voice is strongly represented in all content to cement and build on the brands’ reputation.
Optimize the content to reach the widest audience.
Oversee the day to day publishing operations .
Lead on email marketing; building, targeting and scheduling emails for maximum impact, signing of content and giving input into the strategy.
Take an active role in calendar planning sessions.
Report on team activity in key areas.
Identify areas of improvement and suggest and develop plans to capitalize on these.
Lead and guide with worldwide best practices benchmarks and cases.
Enhance internal creativity and empower and train his team.
VISION
Help to take strategically advantage of new technologies, tendencies, and behaviors to direct a proficient team of Content Creators to execute initiatives that set the benchmark in the industry.
BA or BS degree in advertising or digital journalism.
+8 years experience in digital environments.
Passion, experience and expertise in customer understanding, content and channel optimization, brand consistency, segmentation and localization, analytic and meaningful measurement, and relentless drive for results are critical factors of success in the role.
Ability to understand what consumers like and how to reach them effectively.
Project management skills to manage content schedules and deadlines.
Strong project, staff, agency management skills, as well as demonstrated ability to work successfully with cross-functional teams.
Fully proficient in English and Spanish. Other languages are a plus.
Strong ability to multitask in a fast moving environment.
Strong content marketing, internet marketing, social media marketing, digital media and experience.
Experience collaborating on projects both internally and with outside agencies.
Experience creating content for lead generation, content marketing for SEO and social media.
ATTITUDE
You are an active, well-organized, self motivated, and entrepreneur person.
Your are a clear speaker, with very strong communication skills.
You are resolutive, positive, and target oriented.
You are an open mind person. That’s why we ask for at least one year of job and living experience abroad your country of origin.
You gain trust with people through empathy, and proved common sense, so you instill accountability and leadership. The team love to work with you.
You inspire reliability and trust to clients.
Energetic leader of people, able to motivate, develop and inspire teams. 
Working on Findasense makes sense
As a Findasense employee, your annual compensation package will include:
23 days paid holidays per year.
Health Insurance.
Mobile phone.
Flexible job schedule.
