
Teach in Asia! What we offer are stable work, reasonable and on-time payment, constructive in-service training and good individual development opportunities. If you work full-time, we will provide free legal working visa for you. For more information please check our website: www.rafflesacademy.com.cn and also Raffles Education Group's website: http://www.raffles-education-corporation.com/ .
Key Roles, Responsibilities and Duties: 
1. Teach and achieve learning outcomes of the relevant courses/ modules assigned 
2. Research, develop and compile teaching materials for all relevant courses/ modules assigned. 
3. Course development and creation of relevant and up to date materials for all courses/ modules assigned. 
4. Incorporate relevant industry experiences and expertise to value add to teaching materials for the students. 
5. Plan and deliver these lessons in a clear and appropriate manner. 
6. Develop students learning enthusiasm and monitor the learning styles and developmental stages of the students. 
7. Ensure that students are appropriately supported and provided with timely and constructive guidance for their academic developments and pastoral care. 
8. Develop students' creativities and problems solving skills through competitions, field trips, and industry-supported projects. 
9. Collaborate with relevant industry partners for projects and internships. 
10. Participate in school promotional activities.
Qualifications:
1. Minimum Bachelor’s Degree in Visual Communication Design or equivalent from a recognized academic institution. Applicants with Master Degree in relevant field will be an advantage. 
2. At least 5 years' industry experience, preferably 2 years lecturing experience in design and/ or production. 
3. Dynamic, creative and enthusiastic, with an interest to nurture students and to help them achieve their potentials. 
4. Possess excellent communication, organization and academic administration skills. 
5. Promote a culture of enterprise within the programme and amongst the students. 
6. Establish and maintain appropriate working relationships with international pool of lecturers and students of different nationalities.
Raffles Academy Introduction:
Success by Design ! 
Raffles Academy Beijing is established in 2006, branch institute of Singapore Raffles Education Corporation in Beijing, premium design education group within Asia Pacific region.At Raffles, we provide high quality education and training for our students It was established to meet the on-going demand for high quality post-secondary education in China. Our students are equipped with top international courses which are conducted in English.. This success is enhanced by our commitment: commitment that bring together knowledge, experience, networks, facilities and management to deliver the very best student experience, unrivalled opportunities and quality teaching. Students are able to choose several practical courses: fashion design, fashion marketing, graphic design and commerce and jumpstart their careers. A great number of graduates found significant career opportunities in international renowned establishments including Nike, Adidas, HP, Wrigley and Hutchison Whampoa Limited (HWL).
Established in 1990, Singapore Raffles Education Corporation is the largest professional multinational education group in the Asia-pacific region. It has successively set up institutes in Singapore, China, Australia, Bangladesh, Cambodia, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Mongolia, New Zealand, Philippines, Sri Lanka and Thailand investing in 33 educational institutes in 30 cities over 13 countries, providing Master degrees, undergraduate courses, junior college qualifications and other higher education academic qualifications, as well as continuing education programs.
