
Role:
The Business Development Manager prospects new business opportunities for RVD Media Group and will be responsible for initial market research within the Motion Pictures & Film industry.
The ability to communicate, research and qualify prospective clients, as well as the use of marketing and sales skills with prospective companies over the phone is essential to success in this position.
Apart from this role, the employee will report to the creative department and will be responsible for managing the production and library of lifestyle imagery for multi-channel use as required by the business.
You will receive briefs from the Creative Concept team and work with the Photography & Audiovisual Manager to produce the location and studio lifestyle photo-shoots accordingly.
You must be prepared to do whatever it takes to get the job done - have a practical and confident attitude towards producing the photo/video-shoots in order to achieve world class imagery that is on-brand, on-brief and on-budget.
Our ideal candidate must have a minimum of 2 years relevant experience along with a practical and positive approach to problem solving skills. A good understanding of Adobe creative suite would also be useful.
A full driving license is essential in this role.
Responsibilities: 
The Producer / Business Development Manager position is a Mid-Senior position which acts as the first line of contact for prospective clients targeted by RVD Media Group. The employee will conduct the following responsibilities:
Utilize professional communication, research and qualifying skills, to generate contact information and maintain a database of new potential clients in Excel form, within equivalent electronic record or CRM.
Identify and Prospect identified potential clients via cold-call or email outreach methodologies, whilst meeting or exceeding appointment targets set by the Sales Manager.
Contact companies across a defined jurisdiction to introduce RVD Media Group services.
Qualified clients that meet a predetermined checklist or requirements are to be forwarded to identified Account Executives based on the discretion of the Sales Manager.
Document the result of each communication, update the database and type clear and concise notes after each contact is made with a company.
Attend and actively participate in team and company meetings.
Perform all other reasonable duties as requested by management.
Act as an Ambassador for the Sales Team, and conduct work duties in such a manner that does not compromise or bring the company into disrepute. 
Lead the productions being a link between the clients and the produciton team
Lead the whole pre production process preparing casting and booking.
Required Experience :
University or College degree required
Previous outbound business-to-business phone marketing or sales experience.
Producer with 2 - 5 years experience in production within the motion & picture industry. Experience in management will be appreciated.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to navigate corporate structures to identify decision makers.
High degree of self-motivation and focus, combined with effective organizational and time management skills.
Professional approach to prospective clients coupled with active listening skills and an inquisitive nature.
The ability to work as a team player towards a specific sales goal.  
Well versed in the usage of Microsoft Office products, Excel databases and Abode Creative Suite. 
The perfect candidate knows well Catalunya and speaks some Catalan, French, Spanish & English
Gross Salary :
Minimum 600 euros per month up to 5000 euros (including commissions). Apple pack (Iphone, Ipad and Mac) provided. 
PS :
The best is if you can upload a file telling us why you think you are the perfect candidate !
