
Location:​ Barcelona 
Language:​ Native French 
Salary:​ Attractive salary package.
About DogBuddy:
DogBuddy.com helps thousands of dog owners across Europe find trusted and insured dog sitters. Owners can quickly and easily book overnight boarding or daytime sitting with one of thousands rated and reviewed sitters in the UK, Spain, Italy, France and Germany.
As we grow, we’re looking for an ambitious and talented Sitter Success Manager, reporting to our COO as part of the team in our Barcelona (Spain) office.
As a DogBuddy Sitter Success Manager, you’ll be responsible for sitter recruitment, as well as their retention, development and performance. Your main goal is to help our sitters succeed using DogBuddy ­ you’ll proactively monitoring sitter activity and be the primary contact for our sitters, should they need a helping hand.
The Role:
● Cost effectively manage new dog sitter recruitment, at scale
● Manage the onboarding of sitters to get them off to the best start
● Work with sitters to improve sitter performance, providing advice, tips and training
● Coordinate DogBuddy sitter meetups, webinars and online training materials
● Minimise dog sitter churn rates and increase the number of “power sitters”
● Establish reporting workflows to effectively manage and evaluate performance
● Partner with the EU marketing team to produce dog sitter marketing materials
● As the first point of contact for sitters, fix any issues in a speedy and efficient manner.
● Proactively communicate with sitters to keep them informed of new and updates
● Provide input to develop specific local country approaches and implementation plans
● Spot and share any opportunities for product or process improvements
About You:
● Native French speaker with good level of english.
● You are commercially savvy.
● You have experience with dogs, have owned one or dream of owning one.
● You’re a professional plate juggler (though perhaps not literally!) – having multiple
projects on­the­go is the kind of thing that gets you out of bed in the morning
● With your can­do attitude, working to tight timelines is an absolute cinch
● Nothing gets by you ­ you have a no stone left unturned approach to every last detail
● You’ll be comfortable working as a one­man­band or playing your part in a team
● You’re a real people person ­ you love to talk, email, chat and interact with others
● You have experience with
Your Background:
● Previous marketing or account/relationship management experience
● Prior experience working with cross­functional, remote or international teams
● Speaking either Spanish, Italian French, or German is essential
● Previous startup/high­growth business experience is a plus.
● Animal related work or studies.
