
We are looking for a full-time or part-time designer to take Beezy’s brand to the next level.
 
YOUR JOB
In this role, you will create a consistent visual language for Beezy across our marketing channels. You’ll be toggling between both online and offline marketing design. Whether it is a venue booth design, a marketing site or a PowerPoint template, you will be portraying the Beezy brand at a global scale.
You will work in our Barcelona office but in an international environment reporting to our Chief Marketing Officer in the US.
Your initial responsibilities will include:
Website and landing pages design
Event and trade show materials (booth, signage, e-books, etc)
Presentations for company-wide meetings, sales collateral and analyst decks
Creating our first online ads
Establishing our brand guidelines for internal use and partners
Support our recruiting strategy and bring some cool ideas for our offices decoration
This is a great opportunity to be a part of a small talented team and have your work exposed to millions of people.
 
BASIC REQUIREMENTS
You have a proven branding & marketing design skills
You have experience working in a digital product company (or you are crazy motivated about it)
You can quickly ignite ideas after short briefings with sales, marketing and product stakeholders (in English of course…)
You have a Get-Work-Done attitude where polishing is well balanced with delivery.
You have a positive open-minded attitude to give and receive respectfully blunt feedback and critique
 
SOME BONUS POINTS
Experience driving online and direct response conversion
Email campaign design including A/B tests, conditional content and delivery optimization
Video production
Extraordinary writing skills
 
MARKETING AT BEEZY
Beezy is on a mission to provide enterprise software that doesn’t suck. By using our award-wining collaboration tool, organizations become more connected, innovative and happier. Our product is loved by hundreds of thousands of employees at very large global companies.
In the marketing team, we …
As designers we play a leading role in Beezy’s strategy. We also inspire our teammates and last but not least we know how to have fun!
