
Madrid, SPAIN
Liferay Spain is looking for a developer with a passion for Frontend technologies and the
creation of excellent user experience to join our international Theming team working from our
office in Madrid.
This position is specially well fitted for people who enjoy working in an international and
multidisciplinary environment, collaborating with other developers, visual and UX designers as
well as Product Managers from all around the world.
In this role, you will...
● Design and implement Themes for Liferay that will be included in the product out of the
box or distributed through Liferay’s Marketplace.
● Contribute to improving Liferay’s theme development infrastructure.
● Apply new Web standards, including those that are only implemented in the latest
browser versions.
● Work closely with multidisciplinary
developers helping them to build beautiful UIs and
great user experience.
● Use Git and GitHub on a daily basis to produce Open Source software.
● Be part of a multicultural and ethical environment, helping to make the world a better
place :)
Skills & Requirements
1. High proficiency on HTML5, CSS3/SASS.
2. Ability to quickly learn new JavaScript frameworks and apply them effectively.
3. Passionate learner, who wants to stay up to date with the latest web development
technologies and is eager to apply them in an Open Source project like Liferay.
4. Selfmotivating
capabilities and Proactivity. We like being surprised with ideas that
improve the product.
5. High level of English and Spanish. Both written and spoken.
6. Availability to work from our Madrid office.
7. We will also value:
a. Experience building Liferay themes.
b. Experience with JavaScript frameworks such as jQuery.
c. Experience contributing to Open Source projects. Send us links to your
contributions!
Awesome, but what does Liferay offer me?
An opportunity to change the world :)
Liferay, Inc. is a leading provider of enterprise open source portal and collaboration software
products, servicing Fortune 500 companies worldwide, including Allianz, Barclay's, BASF, Cisco
Systems, Lufthansa, TMobile,
and the United Nations.
Working at Liferay is an opportunity to participate in an ethical, motivating, challenging and
constantly expanding project within an international environment that offers the possibility
developing a personal career according to your capabilities and preferences as part of the
Liferay team.
Benefits and Perks
● A place to be yourself, in which everyone can grow personally.
● Fast and powerful Mac or PC and a 24' monitor.
● Flexibility to work remotely when the task allows for it.
● Free healthy food in our kitchen. Tons of fruits, coffee, Tea, ColaCao
or Nesquik, diet
cookies...
● Health insurance for you and your family.
● Sorry, we don't have a gym yet, but maybe in our next office.
● No, we don't have an Xbox, Play2/3/X, but who needs them when you enjoy your job so
much ;)
● But above all, your happiness is important for the team. Moneyback
guarantee if you
don't get enough daily smiles.

