

Location
Madrid
Mission:   
eRepublik is currently seeking a talented 3D, 2D Artist with a broad range of skills and experience, including environments, props and characters.
As a key member of the team, you will be expected to have solid 2D and 3D skills, both artistically and technically. 
Responsibilities: 
You will be responsible for creating exciting and believable artwork, creating and texturing environment assets and characters.
To produce, draw or paint detailed and beautifully illustrated images.
To formulate concept art / illustration / detailed models / sketches.
Create game and character design concepts.
Model, texture and create collision in 3D for game environments.
Contribute to the design process and be a key member of the games production
Qualifications:
Requires an Studies or Bachelor’s degree in Art or related field and working experience with Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop.  
Strong portfolio, demonstrating an ability in the cartoon, cute, bright , happy style.
2+ years of experience in 2D and or 3D art production.
Expertise in 3ds Max, Photoshop, or other technologies utilized in the production of game art.
Proficiency using Adobe Illustrator.
Strong sense of form, shape, structure and silhouette, in regards to illustration and environmental design.
Great graphic design skills and strong digital painting background.
Self-motivation, good communications skills and great team player attitude.
Proven track record of creating both characters and environments.
Skills
Strong passion for gaming is essential to the role.
Expert in the style of cartoon, cute, bright and happy.
Adaptable to different styles and projects.
Ability to meet deadlines.
Comfortable working with teams.
Ability to take direction well and work as team player.
Additional Information:
Must provide a portfolio through a webpage or other digital media to be considered.
Portfolio must include:
Examples of game creations
Examples of 3D objects and texture work
Examples of 2D art
Bonus:
Animation examples
