
Are you a translator interested in eLearning courses and its functioning? Are you a designer with linguistic background and knowledge of the translation industry? Would you like to develop your skills in the eLearning industry? If the answer is positive, we are looking forward to hearing from you!
For over 20 years, TransPerfect has provided comprehensive language and technology solutions to help our clients communicate and conduct business more effectively in a global marketplace. Equipped with a quality management system certified to both the ISO 9001:2008 and EN 15038:006 standards, TransPerfect provides a full array of language and business support services, including translation, interpretation, multicultural marketing, website globalization, subtitling, voiceovers, staffing services, multicultural marketing, training and learning, and legal support services. TransPerfect also offers a suite of cutting edge technologies that significantly reduce costs and improve consistency throughout the translation process, making TransPerfect the vendor of choice for the world's leading multinationals.
With annual revenues of over $470 million, TransPerfect is the world's largest privately held provider of language services and technology solutions. From offices in more than 85 cities on six continents, TransPerfect offers a full range of services in 170+ languages to clients worldwide. With an unparalleled commitment to quality and client service, TransPerfect is fully ISO 9001 and EN 15038 certified. TransPerfect has global headquarters in New York, with regional headquarters in London and Hong Kong.
Position responsibilities: 
Analyze and extract translatable content from eLearning courses
Implementation of localized content into original builds, adjusting layout and synchronizing audio and animations
Implementation of bug fixes reported during the linguistic and functional QA using Articulate, Storyline, Lectora, Captivate, and any other e-learning applications
Troubleshoot technical issues
Liaise with project managers to clarify scope and technical questions related to projects
Coordinate and communicate with other e-learning specialists in different offices, Project Managers, and other production team members, in various offices and time zones
Perform other special projects or duties when required
 Essential skills and experience required: 
University degree, preferable in Translation
Post-graduate degree or master in Translation Technology
Basic knowledge of Desktop Publishing  applications
Proficient in Windows platform
Ability to work on a team in a fast-paced environment
Superior written and spoken communication skills 
Work well with people from a variety of different backgrounds and cultures, build relationships with co-workers, work as part of a team, and commit to a high level of service
