
Are you an instructional designer ready to take the next step in your career? Would you like to create eLearning courses and contents for well-known worldwide clients in an international company? If you have said yes to both questions, we are looking for you to join our eLearning team!
For over 20 years, TransPerfect has provided comprehensive language and technology solutions to help our clients communicate and conduct business more effectively in a global marketplace. Equipped with a quality management system certified to both the ISO 9001:2008 and EN 15038:006 standards, TransPerfect provides a full array of language and business support services, including translation, interpretation, multicultural marketing, website globalization, subtitling, voiceovers, staffing services, multicultural marketing, training and learning, and legal support services. TransPerfect also offers a suite of cutting edge technologies that significantly reduce costs and improve consistency throughout the translation process, making TransPerfect the vendor of choice for the world's leading multinationals.
With annual revenues of over $470 million, TransPerfect is the world's largest privately held provider of language services and technology solutions. From offices in more than 85 cities on six continents, TransPerfect offers a full range of services in 170+ languages to clients worldwide. With an unparalleled commitment to quality and client service, TransPerfect is fully ISO 9001 and EN 15038 certified. TransPerfect has global headquarters in New York, with regional headquarters in London and Hong Kong.
Position responsibilities:
Create and develop e-learning courses from scratch, including content authoring and assembly of the different components according to client’s specifications
Implementation of bug fixes reported during the linguistic and functional QA using Articulate, Lectora, Captivate, and other e-learning applications
Produce estimations of efforts needed to localize existing e-learning courses into multiple languages
Troubleshoot technical issues
Perform daily hands-on editing of multiple projects in coordination with Project Manager
Liaise with clients to clarify scope and technical questions related to projects
Coordinate and communicate with other e-learning specialists in different offices, freelancers, agencies, Project Managers, and other production team members, in various offices and time zones, to ensure project deadlines are met
Perform other special projects or duties when required
Essential skills and experience required:
University degree
2 years of experience in the eLearning creation field. Instructional design and course implementation
Advanced skills with Articulate, Lectora, Storyline, Captivate, Photoshop, Microsoft Office and other desktop publishing applications
Proficient in Mac and PC environments
Ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment
Superior written and spoken communication skills
Work well with people from a variety of different backgrounds and cultures, build relationships with co-workers, work as part of a team, and commit to a high level of service

