
At Flipflap we are expanding our production team. We’re looking for a Front-end Ui/Ux developer expert with extensive experience creating responsive HTML web applications and the ability to define & build CSS&JS frameworks. Our solutions require amazing user and performance experience and our growth requires enthusiastic & brilliant people with the ambition to grow internationally.
You will work in a dynamic, creative and innovative environment. We use the newest technologies in our field on a day-to-day basis, in a high-traffic site with a global philosophy. We’re crazy about the Internet and we love to learn new things every day as well as at conferences and industry events.
This position is full-time and based in Barcelona.
JOB DESCRIPTION:
    Design and implement web and mobile applications, from the data model to the web interface.
    Development environments needed to carry out the specified tasks. Your are expected to be able to investigate and suggest solutions to performance issues.
    Take an active part in creation and definition of our products, working as the link between the creative and the implementation phases being part of the two.
    Development of reusable UI components for the web and mobile using HTML5 technologies.
    Participate in the analysis and adoption of new technologies to incorporate in the web stack in order to guarantee performance, code quality and maintainability.
    Be a technical referent in the frontend technologies field within the company.
    Collaborate with Backend and other Web Engineers in order to provide well behaved, highly usable solutions.
    Provide support and maintain existing solutions, empowering client teams to meet their deadlines with the adequate quality guarantees.
REQUIRED TECHNICAL SKILLS & EXPERIENCE
    [list]Experrience developing Web Applications with complex user functions.
    HTML5 / CSS3 with the abiliy to create frameworks and interaction with third-party frameworks
    JavaScript / JQuery / AJAX / Angular
    PHP / REST integration

    Version control systems (Git)
    Photoshop / Illustrator
    Mac environments
    Good ability to transform concepts into HTML functional pages.
    iOS / Android environments
    Knowledge on knowledge of Laravel 5 or Symfony2 is a big plus.
    Able to work in an English- and Spanish-speaking environment.
WILL BE VALUED:
    Team Work and leadership.
    Experience in product developing
    Start-up mentality: passion/talent/proactive attitude
    Willing to grow professionally inside the company
    Constant innovator, learner and teacher.

