
Designit is looking for an Interaction Designer with interface and graphic skills, and who is capable of understanding the clients’ needs and possesses a high level of dedication for user experience design. 
Based in Barcelona, you will be part of a multidisciplinary and passionate team that faces exciting and strategically challenging projects. Your main focus will be to prototype the user experience and create the graphical elements of the user interfaces, as well as develop new concepts and models. 
You will

Work closely with the clients, gathering information and creating concepts

Create storyboards, IAs, wireframes and mock-ups

Design the graphic elements of the UI

Participate in presentations, communicating your work and approach


You are

A professional with 1 or more years of experience and hold a university degree, preferably related to design

Experienced and have in-depth knowledge of interaction design, methods and tools (Sketch, Omnigraffle, Marvel…)
Detail-oriented and obsessive with visual design

Empathetic with people from different cultures and backgrounds

Happy working in teams and have a good sense of humor

Eager to learn and share your knowledge

Fluent in English and at least some basic Spanish

An excellent communicator - orally, written and visually


We offer

A job in Europe’s largest strategic design firm with 300 employees and 10 offices around the world

An inspiring, informal and collaborative workplace

A lot of responsibility and the chance to shape your own career

The chance to work with some of the biggest and most innovative brands in the world

Interested?
You can apply online via the “Apply Now” button below. Please apply in English.
About us
Designit is a global strategic design firm with 10 offices worldwide and 300 highly skilled professionals from design and related fields. We create products, services and experiences for international clients from a wide range of industries. The aim of the firm is to create strong and sustainable business value through design.
