
Teach in Hong Kong !  
If you are a foreigner with minimum bachelor degree in fashion marketing , with 5 years of industry experiences, have great passion about fashion teaching and can teach in English , please send your CV in English  and portfolio (within 10M) for job application .
What we offer are stable work, reasonable and on-time payment, constructive in-service training and good individual development opportunities. If you work full-time, we will provide free legal working visa for you. For more information please check our website:  http://raffles.edu.hk/en/home# and also Raffles Education Group's website: http://www.raffles-education-corporation.com/ .
Raffles International College Hong Kong Introduction:
Raffles Education Corporation is the leading premier design education provider in Asia Pacific. Since establishing its first college in Singapore in 1990, Raffles has grown to operate 30 colleges and universities in 28 cities across 13 countries globally: Australia, Cambodia, China, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Mongolia, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Switzerland and Thailand.
Our flexible inter-school transfer scheme allows students to study at any of Raffles’ network of colleges and universities, immerse themselves in different cultures and experience living overseas.
Students who are enrolled in Raffles benefit from a quality education with a well-rounded hands-on experience relevant to the industry. This enables them to improve their career opportunities.
Raffles International College Hong Kong offers Bachelor Degree courses in:
·   Fashion Design
·   Fashion Marketing
·   Interior Design
·   Graphic Design
·   Marketing
·   Management
Raffles Hong Kong students have clinched top awards in local and international competitions, receiving regional recognition and global acclaim, such as Vogue Talents, International Design Awards (IDA), Mittelmoda Fashion Award, Hong Kong Designers Association Design Student of the Year, HK4A's Students' Award and more.
Through an internationally recognized, practical and industry-relevant curriculum, Raffles ensures students' professional success at the inception of their careers. Graduates are well-equipped to develop their design careers and brands before graduation. Some graduates choose to pursue a Masters in local and global top design schools, such as the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, Parsons School of Design in New York, Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design in London and Domus Academy in Milan. 
