
purebilling is a fintech startup founded by seasoned payment experts, supported by industrial investors that provides innovative billing and payment solutions to internet merchants.
Our « on-top » and distributed solution allows e-merchants to collect any kind of billing process, in any currency, from any country, through any existing or future payment means, which works on any device with a single generic integration.
Our solution targets developer communities and fraud & payment experts within e-merchants organizations.
Our technology stack uses:
PHP5 / Symfony 2 for common web-services
Python for PCI-DSS web-services, back-offices and tools
Angular.js for frontends
We also (really) take care of quality, using last continuous integration tools and technologies:
Test driven development
stack 100% docker (from development to production)
git + gitlab
Jenkins + Selenium
Our team is small with a flat organization. You will be directly in contact with the founders and participate to technology design meetings. Our main working languages are Spanish and English, French could be a plus.
Candidate mission:
You will be part of the core team. You will participate on existing and new projects.
You will participate to the full development cycle (from conception to production).
Main responsibilities:
Billing framework
Developer community website
Merchant back-office
Innovative analytics system
Advantages:
Small team recently created with flat organization.
Projects are new. No old stuff to maintain.
Direct access to founders.
Participate from conception to production lifecycle.
Use and learn latest technologies.
Required skills:
5 years of experience in oriented object programming
at least 2 years of experience with Python
Experiences with a least one framework (Django, Flask, Bottle …)
Knowledge in relational databases
Strong abilities to formalize and document
English writing skills are required
Additional skills:
Skills described below are not mandatory but a plus for the company.
Experience with Python Flask
Knowledge in git
Experience with continuous integration and unit testing
Knowledge in design patterns
Knowledge in no-sql related databases
Knowledge in PHP
javascript / node.js / Angular.js
Work Environment:
The company is located in Barcelona. The position requires developers in site.

