
Uniplaces is looking for professional freelance photographers!
We are an online marketplace for booking verified student accommodation, we are a results oriented business with global ambitions. It is important for us to build a strong team spirit in which everyone feels responsible and empowered to achieve their potential and be rewarded for doing so. We are supported by top investors who have created leading consumer internet brands such as Zoopla.co.uk and LOVEFiLM.
You’ll have the responsibility of shooting and verifying the properties, editing the pictures and then uploading them into our platform, as well as coordinating with the Lisbon and other cities’ teams in order to promote Uniplaces best practices and effectively deliver high quality work in the shortest period of time.
Listings are one of the most important parts of our business since they are the only way in which we showcase properties. We want customers to be able to know everything they need from the pictures, information and description. Professional imagery is an integral part of our hosts’ success — it helps students select exactly what they are looking for and allows hosts to show their unique spaces in a professional way.
The verification and photography team is a crucial part in Uniplaces’ process: you will be the face of Uniplaces in the field. Landlords will talk to you and you should represent the company values and carry our brand. You have the possibility to grow with us as we expand to new cities, innovate the way we verify properties and face new challenges.
Requirements

You have a professional a DSLR camera (best if full frame), wide angle lenses (16-18mm), tripod and an external flash with a diffuser
You are comfortable in using post-processing software for white balance, exposure and distortion
You have a background in interior, architectural, real estate and neighbourhood photography, we will also consider exceptional applicants with skills in composition, lighting and technique
You have an online portfolio that reflects your photography skills 
You are focused, punctual, organised, detail oriented and quick to deliver
You are tech-savvy and comfortable working with office, shared documents and adapt well to new tools and ways of working 
You are comfortable communicating via email in English
