
European University has an opening for a junior designer in their communications department. This person should have at least an intermediate level of English. We need someone who will be able to adhere to marching orders as well as our brand requirements and guidelines. 

MAIN TASKS
Graphic Communication: creation of graphic elements such as posters, invitations, business cards, ID cards, banners, badges, leaflets, catalogues and dedicated webpages, among others
Corporate image: preparation of templates, layouts and logos 
Photography: photo retouching for web and printed materials
In conjunction with the above, he/she will often coordinate with communications colleagues in the delivery of projects

REQUIREMENTS
Degree in Graphic Design related areas
Minimum one year experience in a similar position
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work within an international context, with individuals of differing cultural and educational backgrounds
Excellent organizational skills
Creative and “can do” attitude toward resolving unforeseen challenges
Be able to perform tasks independently, or as part of a team
Meet deadlines and follow up on assignments with a minimum of direction
Strong English skills at least at an intermediate level (written and oral)
WILL VALUE
Experience with HTML and CSS
Layout design skills
SOFTWARE SKILLS
Adobe CS (InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator)

ABOUT US
EU is an internationally-accredited, multi-campus business school. With small, dynamic classes offered in English, students representing over 100 nationalities study in an international environment.
Business Foundation (BF), Bachelor (BBA), Master (MBA) and Doctor (DBA) of Business Administration onsite and online programs are offered with majors in Communication & Public Relations; Leisure & Tourism Management; Finance; Sports Management; Entrepreneurship; E-Business; International Relations, Design Management, Sustainability Management and Family Business among others.
We have main locations in Geneva, Montreux, Munich and Barcelona. The communications department in Barcelona is in charge of the central communications for all of the campuses. 
We produce three internal magazines per year, a wide range of printed marketing material, event brochures, a monthly e-newsletter, monthly mail outs, programs, brochures and many others. All of our communications and the official language of the university is English. 
