
XING Spain is growing and we need a talented Backend Developer!
As a member of our team, your main focus will be the development and maintenance of our web-based Recruiting products. These define the social recruiting market in the German speaking area with high relevance and transparency for the jobseeker.
The combination of E-Recruiting and Social Networking is an exciting emerging market. Our focus is on building smart solutions in the spirit of user-centric relevant information, fuelled by company reviews and ratings from our subsidiary Kununu.
What we offer:
The chance to work on a large, highly distributed platform with over 14 million users
A variety of technologies and languages: Perl, Ruby on Rails, Java, Scala, Elasticsearch, REST, AMQP, Linux, Hadoop, Riak, MongoDB, MySQL, Solr, iOS, Android, Backbone.js, jQuery, Git, Jenkin
Regular hack weeks
Training, conferences and many opportunities to learn, experiment and grow
A multicultural diverse environment with employees from all over the world
Subsidised restaurant tickets, free fruit, drinks, snacks
Pension plan
Spanish & German lessons
A mobile device for private use (iPhone, iPad, Android)
Competitive salary, permanent contract
A sunny office located in the centre of Barcelona, with a large terrace
We're an Open Source contributor (https://github.com/xing) and we let the world know what we're doing (https://devblog.xing.com) while also organising public user groups and coding events
 
What we need
We are looking for an experienced and passionate engineer, with special focus on the back-end side, and expertise in Ruby, Ruby on Rails, MySQL, REST, AMQP who is:
Constantly evolving with the technology trends, and willing to embrace change
Able to architect & design APIs and components used by other developers
Experienced in working with memory/performance critical applications
Experienced in large scale data/distributed systems
Capable of understanding people and knows the best way to get along with them to come up with good solutions to technical challenges
Always looking for self-improvement and, together with other people, enhance your work
Familiar with agile methodologies and enjoys working in teams with a focus on sharing knowledge with other experts
Fluent in English
Nice to have (a plus):
Expertise across the whole stack e.g. additionally Backbone JS, Marionette
A regular contributor to open source projects
Fluent in Spanish and German

XING - For a better working life. 
XING is a social network for business professionals. More than 14 million members worldwide – 7,7 million of whom are based in German-speaking countries - use XING to boost their business, job, and career. XING is a platform where professionals from all kinds of different industries can meet up, find jobs, colleagues, new assignments, cooperation partners, experts and generate business ideas. 

An inspiring environment
XING offers a dynamic environment located in the center of Barcelona. As well as flexible working hours, you'll have an opportunity to unleash your skills and acquire new ones. We offer  a long term contract and a wide range of training courses in addition to German and Spanish lessons, regular team and offsite events, and lots of fun in a nice and multicultural environment with employees from all over the world. We also provide free drinks and fruit as well as subsidized restaurant tickets and a company pension plan. And let's not forget you'll also be provided with a high-end Macbook Pro and the latest generation mobile device for business and private use (iPhone, iPad, Android).
