
Adecco, as the HHRR provider of American Express Global Business Travel, is searching a Graphic&Digital Designer for join to the EMEA Team.
The selected person will work on both EMEA projects and services that are part of the existing M&E platform and also work with the existing team to design and create new solutions to enhance our client experience. A core activity will be creating high-quality deliverables to meet the aggressive timelines our group is targeting working within the Creative Team with other designers and copywriters, when appropriate.
RESPONSABILITIES
Responsible for a portfolio of clients and their specific design and communication requirements. 
Is a hands-on designer who thinks best while sketching at a whiteboard with a team.
Define the design strategy for a project and lead its execution from end to end, considering business, technology and user needs as an important part of the decision making process.
Ensure that all processes and procedures are completed, quality standards are met, and that projects are achieved with the required profitability.
Keen to work in the field in order to learn about needs and challenges and have the ability to translate creative ideas into a design proposal.
Understands the M&E company capabilities and service, and effectively communicates our best service offerings to the client.
Ability to work on multiple creative projects along with the key role of providing design and presentation support for the Business Development teams in each market.
Responsible for creating digital graphic design projects from conception to completion including all collateral required for the project.
Creation of both motion and still graphics. 
Maintain graphic standards, brand integrity, consistency in the message and design across all materials and platforms.
Has a broad range of skills but an in-depth knowledge in digital and graphic design.
REQUIREMENTS
Multimedia, Graphic Design or Digital Design
Proven creative and design skills required in order to create and develop a project. Attention to detail is a must. 
Enthusiastic, self-motivated individual who has at least 1 year experience in delivering creative projects/presentations within a high pressure environment.
Good knowledge in designing/animating.
Strong technical knowledge combined with a creative flair for design and layout.
Good knowledge of the Adobe CC Creative Suite:
Good knowledge of After Effects motion graphic design 
Good level with Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop. Premiere, Flash, Dreamweaver are well considered.
Must be familiar with web-based technologies such as HTML5 and CSS 
Fluent English.
Valuable knowledge of one of the Nordic languages
Knowlege of a nordic language is a must
Motivated, goal oriented, persistent 
High level of initiative and works well within a team environment
Ability to handle stressful ssituations
