
About us
Media Motive is an online company with offices in France, Columbia, Romania and Alicante. We have just opened a new office in Barcelona (Plaza Universidad), focused on innovation and growth. 
The team : we are a small team in Barcelona and you’ll be the first technical profile to the team. You’ll have the opportunity to build your team and / or manage external third parties when needed. 
Main responsibilities : 
We are looking for a Chief Technology Officer with development and systems skills who will provide overall leadership of the technology and information systems functions and infrastructure within Media Motive Barcelona. 
As pioneer technical resource in our team you will be responsible for defining the technical strategy, provide organizational direction with regards to all internal technologies (production, decision support, productivity)
You will create technology strategic plans and budgets with emphasis on cost/benefits analysis
You’ll have to manage both in-house, and third party service providers and consultants.
You will work closely with the marketing team to convert our ideas and designs into efficient scalable solutions. 
We are looking for a leader with drive, proactivity and a strong will to make things happen. 
you are the technical voice of Barcelona office and a corner stone to help us achieve our main goals : innovation, retention, data analysis. 
Your personality :
We are looking for someone resourcefull who won’t let a new situation disconcert him/her. 
We would like to welcome a real team player who understands the business priorities and always create solutions that best serve the interests of the company. 

Requirements : 
BS or MS in Computer Science
Fluent Spanish 
Fluent in another language, either English or French. 
5+ years of full-stack software development experience in Servers/Domains management, backend technologies (PHP, MYSQL, Wordpress) and frontend technologies (HTML5, CSS3, responsive design, javascript MV* frameworks). 
Experience in mobile development would be a plus.
Strong communication and leadership skills
Startup experience is of essence
Hands on experience coding products or services
Familiarity with payments/transaction platforms – information security and compliance requirements (e.g. PCI compliance)
Familiarity with SCRUM and Agile methodologies. 

