
At BMAT we are a team of extraordinary code hackers and talented professionals from every corner of the world that are crazy about music and technology! Our dream is to use our systems and services to make the music industry a better place for the artists, agents and users.
Working as a SaaS enterprise, we specialise in monitoring music played on the radio, TV and online, in publicity and clubs, by way of a cutting edge big data processing and reporting platform.
We monitor 1,500 radios and television channels, clubs in Europe, South and Central America, and collaborate with Deezer and Spotify online, among many others; and manage a database of 25 million musical works, which increases on a path of approximately 300,000 each month sourced from record labels, digital distributors and others partners. 
Our clients - more than 60 performing rights organizations worldwide - consider BMAT to be a world leader in music monitoring.
Job Summary
The Sales Manager will be responsible for managing sales and clients to increase the revenue and meet the annual goals established by the company and Sales department strategic plan. He/Her will develop sales strategy for his market and manage the relationship with the customers.
Essential Duties & Responsibilities
Play a key role in sales department. managing and achieving sales objectives 
Focus on generating new business and developing existing customers
Support and contribute to the global Sales strategy, creating and maintaining strategic relationship with decision makers of the music industry like publishers, labels, performing rights organizations, digital distributors, etc.
Act as the key interface between the customer and all relevant internal teams during setup process and follow up of the account
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Required
Track record of sales success
Planning and organization
Outstanding communication skills, both verbal and written
Motivated team player who consistently strives to exceed goals and push revenue  expectations
Willing to travel 
Highly self-motivated.
Fluent in English and Spanish
Experience in sales or business development in the music or technology industry would be a plus
