
Life Length, the world’s leader in telomere measurement and testing, is seeking to
recruit a Software developer for its facilities in the Cantoblanco Campus in Madrid.
The successful candidate will join the only company in the world able to offer a highly
scalable technology to measure the percentage of short telomeres in individual cells
and which has vast applications for drug development and clinical trials in the pharma
and biotech industries as well as for physicians working in personalized and
preventative medicine.
What we offer:
 Competitive salary commensurate with experience
 Potential equity participation in the company
 Chance to participate in the development of one of Spain’s most high profile life
sciences companies
 Great team environment with world-class scientists and management team
Job Summary: The software developer is almost entirely focused on computer
software develop and the successful candidate is expected to work independently and
as part of a team of engineering staff.
The role includes conducting and supporting software design and implementation, as
well as managing data, writing reports and manuals, web and desktop software
development and working alongside other engineering staff.
Additional duties include but are not limited to:
 Relational data base management.
 Desktop software development.
 Software error management.
 Documentation management.
 Backup maintenance.
 Hardware maintenance.
 Local network maintenance.
 Presenting results to senior staff.
 Provide help about software issues.
 Attend all R&D meetings.
Required Qualifications: 
 Fluent written and spoken English. 
 Bachelor's degree in computer programming or similar. 
 Knowledge working with relational data bases.
  Knowledge, and experience with OOP (Object oriented programming).
  Knowledge with .NET. (is desirable) 
 Experience operating, maintaining and troubleshooting software issues 
 Self-starter, team player and problem solver. Willing to learn new technologies.

