
Crazy UX Designer
Who are we?
MYBRANA is a CRAZY project. Are you crazy? If you are this is the place to be. We will understand you better than anybody else and you will be happy. If you are not crazy but want to be, this is also the place to be. You will be converted and become a craziness master. 
We are a start-up formed by highly prepared and motivated professionals who want to change the way of interacting with the world through the use of computer vision technologies and digital content. Our vision is to become the main social network for the future mobile devices. Do you want to help us and be part of this revolution?
What do we offer?
➢	Competitive compensation
➢	Respect and flexibility
➢	Continuous learning is encouraged 
➢	No vacation policy, complete freedom to be productive and happy
➢	Be part of a crazy Project and Team
➢	An amazing place to work and develop as a professional and as a person.
What will you do in a typical day?
➢	Work closely with the product and engineering team to help define business and feature requirements and user cases. 
➢	Present work done to team members, providing solid rational arguments based on theory, best practices, data and proven experience.
➢	Identify business and user needs, and translate it to products and services optimized for conversion, meeting both business and user needs.
➢	Take a design hypothesis from sketch or wireframe to final artwork, prototype or markup, and follow through to publishing, A/B testing and results measurement.
➢	Use data and user knowledge to inform designs.
➢	Ensure designs are consistent across all platforms and devices.
➢	Conduct user research and benchmarks, and evaluate user feedback together with researchers
➢	Proactively suggest ideas for optimization or innovation.
➢	Help marketing team to create ads and banners.
What skills or experience do you need?
➢	4+ years of UX design experience and graphic design.
➢	Bachelor's degree in human-computer interaction (HCI), or equivalent professional experience as an user experience designer. 
➢	A Master of Craziness Administration, MCA, is a plus.
➢	Proficiency in a wide variety of tools for visual design, conceptual design, prototyping, including but not limited to apps such as Photoshop, Illustrator, Indesign, and Sketch.
➢	CSS and HTML is a plus.
➢	Experience working in a collaborative team and startups.
➢	Solid understanding of both iOS and Android, and web design.
➢	Good ability to solve problems proactively, creatively and efficiently.
➢	Up-to-date with the latest UX and OS trends, techniques, and technologies
➢	Fluent in English.
Location
Our offices are at  Marina Real in Valencia (http://www.marinarealjuancarlosi.com/). 

