
Incubio is a startup incubator that helps entrepreneurs to develop big ideas. Our startups specialize in the use of Big Data to create projects that offer business processes as a service.
Our ecosystem operates by offering shared services to help startups flourish and by providing the necessary resources to make it happen. This includes continuous training for entrepreneurs, a network of mentors, finding the best team to get it done and helping with the business side of things. We can even take on all of the costs, find public or private financing so entrepreneurs can focus on what really matters. This makes Incubio an invaluable tool for anyone looking to start a company of their own.
Our companies operate in similar ways, use the same or closely related technologies and have similar customers. The result is the biggest ecosystem related to Big Data startups anywhere in the world
As a technical project manager you will work together with the Technical and Management team of both Incubio and our incubated companies in order to clearly describe the technology to be used in R+D+i projects, as well as the tasks involved in the development of national and/or European projects.
Responsibilities
Preparation of Project Proposals
Preparation of Reports
To be in contact with project partners and/or customers.
Monitor the complete execution of the project, from negotiation to project closure.
Organize and manage the work of the team/teams to achieve the objectives.
Ensure high quality and timely execution of the project tasks within the project budget.
Organise project meetings and give presentations in front of public
Give support in the dissemination activities and IPR management.
Give support in the preparation of business plan, feasibility study.
Minimum Qualifications
Fluency in English and Spanish (both written and spoken)
Engineering Degree (most desirable Software Engineering/Computer Science)
Experience in Project Management, mainly in Research projects.
Demonstrated problem-solving capabilities; Creative thinking, personal initiative and strong communication skills.
Capacity to work both independently and within an international team.
Responsiveness and ability to perform different tasks.
Accuracy, reliability and ability to meet deadlines.
Preferred Qualifications
Master in Software Engineering/Computer Science or related areas
Experience in Product Development and preparation of Business Plans.
Knowledge of other European languages
Salary
Negotiable according to candidate’s value.
Type of contract
Freelance or Permanent.

