
We are looking for an exceptional graduate designer to join our dynamic, talented team. We have been growing over the past few years, and the company has always had the ethos of bringing in graduates with the aim of training them in-house, on live jobs from day one. The whole of the creative direction at Birchbox is managed internally: from the visual identity, to the packaging, editorial materials, advertising campaigns, graphics … The new recruit will be integrated into the creative team and will be responsible for many projects in both the web and print, especially supporting digital marketing as well as in-house video and photographic content.
To join in on the adventure and share in an ambitious project with a dynamic team, contact us!
Please note this will be a part-time, 6 month internship/work experience placement, an opportunity for designers who want to start their career with us and learn in a vibrant, face-paced working environment.  
Requirements:
A degree in Graphic/ Web Design with an obsession for great ideas!
The right person will be details-oriented with a desire to further understand how creative impacts the growth of Birchbox.
They should be rigorous, creative, open-minded and aware of the latest trends.
A high degree of creative ability, with an interest in designing for e-commerce. This should include an understanding of digital design processes (e.g. CRM visuals, affiliate banners, website visuals)
Ability to manage and take ownership of different creative projects simultaneously
Work closely with cross-functional teams to ensure design standards are upheld.
Ability to be self-critical and assimilate feedback in the interests of improving as a designer.
A portfolio that includes self-started personal projects for which you had total creative control and were able to realise your vision, whether it’s an app, website, or blog
The ideal candidate will be highly motivated primarily by the desire to join a start-up and be part of an exciting journey
Skills and Expertise:
Excellent understanding of graphic tools for web and print such as Adobe Creative suite with exceptional Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign skills, including photo retouching
Digital design skills with an understanding of front-end design processes and email marketing. HTML and CSS are essential.
Ability to handle product and tutorial photography and videography (plus editing) are also essential
Motion graphic skills a bonus
Experience of using Macs – troubleshooting, font issues, etc.
Can-do attitude with a willingness to do everything necessary to get the job done.
Ability to problem solve (technically & creatively) – not to give up in the face of difficult challenges.
Time management skills – keeping a diary (manual and electronic) and being effective with your own time, often having to juggle multiple projects simultaneously.
Previous intern experience at an in-house creative team is a major plus.
This is a paid intern position
