
Webtrekk Spain is hiring: Junior Technical Client Service.
Position
Are you interested in the business side of the digital industry?
Do you know how to write JavaScript? 
Do you have 1 to 2 years of experience?
Webtrekk is looking for a Technical Client Service for its Spanish offices, based on Madrid.
Working at Webtrekk you will be in a key position to acquire experience and knowledge about how the digital business work, with practical experience on analytics, CRM, digital advertising, performance marketing, and on app and website personalization. 
You will learn about ecommerce, digital media, online banks, pure mobile and many other business models.
As a Junior Technical Client Service you will be involved into the design, implementation, deployment, training and support of the Webtrekk solutions across our customers. You will have to achieve top satisfaction across our customers.
If you are good on the technical side but attracted by the business aspects, Webtrekk is the place to start.
This position will report to the Client Service Director and the Managing Director.
Company Description
The Webtrekk GmbH is a globally leading provider of high-end digital business optimization tools, with focus on Digital Analytics, User Profiling and Marketing Automation, and a pioneer in raw data technology since 2003 with headquarters in Berlin, Germany.
As an innovation leader in the industry, Webtrekk develops new analytic and marketing technologies which fulfil the most complex requirements and offer almost unlimited evaluation and marketing action options. Whether it is live analytics, app tracking, combinations of online and offline data, personalized product and content recommendations, or customized engagement with each segment of your users, the detailed results offered by Webtrekk mean that you will always be one step ahead of the competition!
Leading international websites from sectors like e-commerce, finance, content and media already use Webtrekk for tracking visitors to their sites and apps, and benefit from the pioneering Webtrekk technology.
To be successful in this position, you must have:
Strong programing knowledge of Web/Internet Technologies – HTML & JavaScript are essential.
Strong proficiency in using MS Excel and other productivity tools.
A degree of expertise with Internet advertising/content management/ecommerce technologies and an aptitude for learning new systems and processes.
Good understanding of data and how it is analyzed and represented.
A good level of English, written and spoken (parts of the interview are going to be in English). And of course Spanish. German knowledge is a plus.
This position is about dealing and helping Webtrekk customers, in order to do that you should also have:
Organizational/time management skills, 
Creative problem solving skills
Unyielding focus on client satisfaction.
Good verbal and written communication skills, 
The ability to work with and provide advice to a cross-functional team of internal/external stakeholders.
Decision-making skills. The Junior Technical Client Service must have strong leadership skills, be self-directed and be able to multitask.
Boundless energy, a positive attitude and the desire to contribute to the advancement of the digital media/advertising measurement space
Job Duties & Responsibilities:
Day to day management of a large and dynamic client/project portfolio.
The Junior Technical Client Service is responsible for establishing and growing a consultative relationship with clients, providing post-sales support in setup, maintenance and troubleshooting on Webtrekk Web Analytics solutions.
The Junior Technical Client Service executes training sessions and seminars to clients and partners both in shared seminars and one-to-one sessions, in person or over the phone. He will also support the localization of documentation, introduce new product features to clients, responding to their inquiries and finding solutions to their issues.
Helping customers to correctly implement and test our tracking code on their site and troubleshooting implementation issues as they arise helping guarantee tagging quality over time.
The Junior Technical Client Service also supports the pre-sales phase of the sales-cycle, participating together with the sales and business development team to the definition of offers, verifying their quality and adequateness to the prospect’s requests.
The Junior Technical Client Service helps to identify, report and track bugs internally and report solutions to customers.
Other highly appreciated qualifications:
Knowledge of API REST, REGEXP, Mobile App development, API JSON and/or SOAP programming experience would be highly appreciated.
Previous experience managing Web Analytics, Ad Serving, RTB and Marketing Automation solutions would be highly appreciated. 
Previous experience with Tag Managers
Knowledge of Video Players

