
We are looking for a digital marketing guru that will take our team to new heights. You will work on the launch of an exciting new product for the US and Latin American market with global roll out with the next 5 years. We need someone who is smart, globally minded, and wants to build an empire with us.
As a Performance Marketing Specialist you will:
1. Manage the strategy and setup of all paid campaigns
2. Build, optimise, and scale search marketing campaigns for a diverse range of initiatives (e.g. revenue generation, user sign ups, and regional brand campaigns) across local and global networks (SEM/PPC/Search/Display)
3. A/B test landing pages, messaging and multiple user experiences
4. Track, measure, Optimise and analyse campaign performance on an on-going basis; communicate plans and metrics regularly
5. Conceptualise and implement optimisation strategies to meet and exceed volume and ROI targets
6. Maintain up-to-date understanding of search algorithms and make recommendations to utilise keywords and messaging, search engine marketing, and site optimisation to increase organic search
7. Research and test partnerships with new vendors to expand our reach and/or lower our cost-per-acquisition
8. Assist in evaluating, on-boarding, managing, and monitoring vendor relations
9. Build strong relationships within cross function teams (e.g. Customer Support, Content and Engineering) to drive execution of effective campaigns
10. Stay abreast of Paid Marketing industry trends and best practices in Performance Marketing including new channels and strategies to keep us ahead
Candidtates will be judged on the following criteria:
1. Have a BA or a BSc in Marketing, Digital Marketing or equivalent
2. Have a proven experience running successful paid campaigns in multiple platforms, including Google Adwords, Facebook, AdRoll, Bing and more
3. Be familiar with CPA, CPC, CPM, ARPU and LTV
4. Have direct experience with analytics & marketing tech suites such as Google Analytics, DoubleClick Search, Adjust, AdRoll, Bing network, TUNE etc.
5. Have experience in handling marketing budgets and forecasting/reporting results
6. Be able to take on lots of responsibility, juggle deadlines and push for outcomes
7. Have a passion for e-commerce
8. Must possess excellent written and verbal skills in English and Spanish
9. HubSpot certified or familiarity with a similar platform.
9. Have Passion for the work
