
Description:
Golden Race is the global market leader for pre-recorded virtual sports betting. We are a small but
growing team of motivated professionals from many backgrounds and disciplines, operating together in a positive and supportive environment to grow and excel as one of the most promising and rapidly expanding companies in the betting industry.
Now, we are looking for a to Technical Support / QA:
● Provide Level 1 and Level 2 support to end-users and companies, diagnosis and resolution of a
wide variety of issues across multiple platforms and products of a software company, remote
support, mentoring of new customers.
● Define and perform functional test plans.
● Help the development team to monitor problem areas, underestimated risks, scope and
bottlenecks.
● Perform functional performance tests.
● Creation and maintenance of test benches according to product specifications.
● Participate in the configuration of unit testing, integration testing, automated user interface
testing, etc.
● Participate in requirements management, change management, risk management.
● Collaboration with the team of native development, identifying and helping to resolve potential
system failures.
Requirements:
● Minimum professional training level required: Advanced technician;
● Professional level: Specialist.
● 2 years´ experience in software support and / or maintenance of computer systems and
customer service. Experience in quality control.
● A good understanding of concepts, standards and practices for quality and security.
● Experience in documenting QA testing and results.
● Experience in writing corporate documentation (manuals, guides, etc.).
● Experience in Windows and Linux Operating Systems.
● Flexibility for work hours and able to travel if required.
● Responsible, entrepreneurial, proactive, dynamic, with strong communication and interpersonal
relationship skills.
● High level of spoken and written English.
● We are looking for: responsible person, entrepreneurial, proactive, dynamic, with communication and interpersonal skills.
Highly Valued:
● Knowledge of scripting;
● Knowledge of networks, especially the configuration and maintenance thereof;
● Knowledge of the diagnosis, repair and maintenance of computer equipment;
● Knowledge of SQL;
● Experience in test automation of web services using Java;
● Knowledge of Selenium;
● Knowledge of software development cycle, agile methodologies (Scrum, Kanban);
● Experience with version control systems, incident tracking and management systems test cases.
Bonus skills:
● Familiar with gambling industry.
Observations:
● Permanent contract and immediate incorporation into a good working environment and excellent team.
● Opportunity to be part of a team in constant growth and international projection.
