
Responsibilities
	Play a critical role in building, training and managing a talented, highly motivated affiliate business team to establish and strengthen the company presence in EMEA, especially in Europe.
	Work on site and remotely as part of a large international team.
	Build and manage a team of affiliate account managers, providing mentorship, guidance and career development to members of your team.
	Build consolidated relationships to help penetrate potential affiliates and other network partners to develop full corporations of Europe affiliate business.
	Exceed revenue, profit and yield goals.
	Develop scalable operations solutions and improvements to support continued traffic side growth.
	Work seamlessly between business functions and advertisers to continue revenue growth.
	Develop and explore traffic side business opportunities.
	Track and properly deal with affiliate feedback.
	Maintain, develop and explore existing affiliate relationships.
	Gather information on international market and analyze competitors.
	Negotiate with affiliates and facilitate contract signing.
Requirements
	Passion for mobile advertising, marketing and social media.
	Well established connection with local affiliates (mainly based on CPI basis, and CPA/Adult business is preferred).
	Solid knowledge of the mobile advertising industry in EMEA, especially Europe, is a must.
	Strong analytical and strategic planning background.
	Ability to effectively influence and communicate cross-functionally.
	Proven track record of reaching and exceeding revenue/profit goals.
	Great team player 3+ years of affiliate business experience and 1+ years of management experience.
	Well established connection with local mobile advertiser is a plus.
	Experience working remotely as part of a larger international team is a plus.
QUALIFICATIONS
	Bachelor degree or above.
	3+ years sales experience (ideally in a leading internet or new media industry).
	Excellent spoken and written English skills.
	Good presentation and negotiation skills.
	High level understanding of Business.
	Passionate about internet and mobile internet, understand mobile Internet business mode.
	Ability to work under pressure.
**THERE IS NO NEED TO CHANGE RESIDENCE TO GERMANY IN THE SHORT TERM (HOME OFFICE), IT WOULD BE A REQUIREMENT IN THE MIDTERM.
