
We are Dreamable Inc, a very passionate San Francisco-based creative startup where folks can stretch themselves creatively and expand their skills.
We are looking for a rock star Digital Product Designer to help us create a state of the art user experience for the LettersTo brand that spans across Web, mobile, and print. As a Product Designer on the team you will be responsible for designing new and updated user experiences, creating concepts, wireframes and visual comps by iterating the branding concepts across platforms.
In addition to excellent visual and interaction design skills, you would think in terms of end-to-end UI design, applying strategy and business goals to designs, focusing on user feedback, and understanding the relation of visual design to the interaction. We also appreciate good collaboration skills, experience working with product managers, usability researchers, and developers.
Responsibilities:
Develop user experience design concepts, wireframes, mockups, usage scenarios, task analysis, prototypes, specifications, navigation maps, design guidelines, and other UX design deliverables.
Develop expert-level knowledge of competitive and complementary products and bring new ideas to the team.
Have good understanding of current design patterns and guidelines for both mobile and web and be able to create a coherent cross device experience.
Ensure that visual design mockups meet the objectives of the user experience, fit with the overall brand and are consistent.
Requirements:
2+ years as a User Experience/Product Designer, creating excellent experiences that delight the customer.
High degree of creativity and problem solving skills.
Ability to think and design holistically to create a cohesive and coherent product experience.
Exceptional understanding of fundamental design principles.
Strong conceptual, visual and analytical skills.
Strong organizational and communication skills.
Proficiency in UX Design tools such as Sketch, Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, Fireworks), InVision or similar tools to create user interfaces.
Experience with responsive design for desktop-to-mobile products.
Relentless attention to detail and to consistency.
Ability to collaborate with the larger team.
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Design, or related field.
Preferred:
Experience designing web & mobile.
Experience designing print.
Digital illustration skills.
Employment Type:
- Remote position (preference: South Spain)
- Contractor (option for full-time employment)
About LettersTo
LettersTo is a consumer service that lets friends, family and colleagues collaborate online to create a beautifully-bound collection of letters for a special recipient. The letters typically include sentiments of love, memories, best wishes, appreciation, advice, photos, etc. For example:
Letters to a bride & groom from their wedding guests
Letters to a parent or grandparent from all their extended family & friends for a birthday
Letters to a leader from colleagues whose lives' the leader has inspired
Letters to a loved one's family as a memorial
LettersTo books will be beautifully bound in a distinctive way to create an extraordinary, high-quality, meaningful gift. LettersTo provides a website and iOS/Android app for the organizer and all of the contributors to draft their letters online and select backgrounds, layouts, fonts, and include photos in creative templates. Once everyone has submitted their contribution, we print, bind and ship the physical book in delightful packaging.
