
Company information 
Bmind is a company passionate about digital, technology and above all, things done right.  We are committed to enable digital transformation in our clients. BMind is a family full of talent and with big heart, a group in which everyone can enrich both professionally and personally. A team who thinks that going to work is going to enjoy.
Job description
Highly experienced Digital Analyst Consultant within the most important analytics tools (Google Analytics, Adobe…) and have skills to manage any other in short time (DMP’s, Attribution tools…) in order to define and develop solutions and strategies for track and optimize the Online channel.
Duties and Responsibilities: 
●	Digital Analytics measurement plan
●	Design and develop/implementation of solutions and strategies for tracking (GTM, GA, Adobe, DMP’s…)
●	Debugging, QA testing and data validation
●	Management of the relationship between Analysis team and Technical team.
●	Consultancy of Spanish and global accounts in several industries
●	Work closely with final client to assess the technical measurement and data requirements (e.g., tagging, Web analytics coding, adapting/Updating the dataLayer…)
●	Vendors/ agencies relationship management and project lead.
●	Actionable insights, segmentation, online & offline data integration.
●	Contribute to the company's knowledge base by creating and sharing case studies, POVs and seminar/conference summaries
Desired Skills and Experience
●	We seek highly motivated individuals with outstanding academic credentials and a strong record of professional achievement. 
●	Minimum 3-5 years of analytics and developing experience
●	Excellent understanding of DATA (Analytics, TMS, DMP’s, Att M…) ecosystem) 
●	Expertise collecting, analyzing, and synthesizing data 
●	Solid knowledge of digital analytics tools (e.g., Google Analytics/Tag Manager, Adobe), including vendor analysis, implementation, troubleshooting and results analysis 
●	Solid knowledge of JS, any other language will be highly valuable
●	Ability to manage multiple tasks to completion within established deadlines 
●	Requires excellent organizational, written, and communication skills
●	Internet enthusiast and easy-going colleague with teamwork skills who loves learning more and more every day.
Compensation: 

According to experience and profile.

