
Golden Race is the global market leader for pre-recorded virtual sports betting. We are a small but
growing team of motivated professionals from many backgrounds and disciplines, operating together in a positive and supportive environment to grow and excel as one of the most promising and rapidly expanding companies in the betting industry.
Now, we are looking for a Technical Systems Administrator to:
● Operate and maintain thirty servers including web, MySQL, and proxies.
● Select providers for, design, and document (in English) high availability systems architecture.
● Management of technical systems, by monitoring tasks and process definition.
Requirements:
● Systems Administrator with experience in GNU / Linux servers with high-volume and data traffic.
● Experience with cluster deployments with PHP, Java and MySql (mirroring and backups).
● Experience in AWS, VMWare, and CDNs Cloud environments.
● Experience in backup tools and high volume database optimization.
● Monitoring and detection of bottlenecks.
● Knowledge of security in web environments.
● Automating tasks, solvency scripting languages, Bash and some Perl / Python / PHP / Puppet.
● Strong knowledge of network devices and technologies, DNS, load balancers, firewalls.
● Good level of spoken and written English.
● Availability for emergencies.
● No minimum training required.
● Technologies used : Apache, PHP,MySQL,AWS,Amazon,Cloud,Puppet and Docker.
● Essential fluent english written and spoken.
● We are looking for: responsible person, entrepreneurial, proactive, dynamic, with communication and interpersonal skills, and experienced with clusters of Linux servers and virtualized environments.
Observations:
● Permanent contract and immediate incorporation into a good working environment and excellent team.
● Opportunity to be part of a team in constant growth and international projection.
Evaluation:
● List some situations from your experience in systems management where you have experienced demanding challenges, specifically with heavy traffic / transactions. Detail the difficulties encountered and explain the solutions applied.
● If our critical database systems become problematically low on disk space, how would you
proceed safely to resolve this problem without stopping production.
