
Job Specification: Junior Adaptation Producer – SPANISH SPEAKING market specialist (Full Time) 
Line of Report: Brett Gurney, Managing Producer @ Gutenberg TV
Salary: £24-25k (depending upon experience)
Zebra Worldwide is an ambitious and creative content company with a strong heritage in production, post production and film adaptation based in Central London. Our team of directors, producers, editors and visual effects artists create exciting advertising and marketing content for a host of local and international brands. Feel free to browse our website to find out more: www.zebra-worldwide.com (albeit we are about to launch a new website).
Our mission is to become the market leader in the industry driving excellence and impact.
Our growing family of talented individuals, who utilise the best technology are continuously working towards achieving our mission. We enjoy working with talented, vibrant people who share our ambition, values and vision.
The core competencies for this role are: 
●	Attention to Detail
●	Communication
●	Planning & Organisation
●	Ability to Work in Team Effectively
●	Problem Solving
●	Customer Service Focussed
●	Excellent Team Work Ethic
●	Results Driven
●	Proactivity
●	Willingness & Desire to Learn/Progress
Dimension of role:
●	35 Team members 
We’re looking for someone with a calm, level-head who demonstrates good judgement and has a good sense of humor.
Background and Professional experience:

Experience and knowledge of the broadcast environment is required for this role.  An overall highly organized individual who has the ability to work and manage our Spanish/Portuguese Clients directly with credible gravitas and confidence.  Importantly, the individual must be an experienced team player who will be working closely with the lead Senior Producer for the specified region whilst also being able to manage workflow and projects confidently in the absence of the lead Senior Producer.
Position Requirements

We require a Junior Adaptation Producer for our IBERIAN markets, who is comfortable with the broadcast advertising and adaptation/versioning process. We ideally require fluency in Spanish. They must also be fluent in written and verbal English.  This position will be supporting 1 x Senior Producer.

This is an exciting chance to join a fast growing, fun and vibrant team, with great opportunities for career progression.

We are looking to bring in the successful candidate to start ASAP

Technical skills:
Experience in MS Office software: Word, Excel, Outlook
Experience working in a post-production environment
Previous experience (1.5 - 2 years) of post work within the IBERIAN market would be preferred
Adaptation experience required: this includes and an understanding of the process from brief to delivery of the spot i.e localised edit, local voice over recordings, clearance procedures and delivery of spots to global broadcast specs.
TV administrative experience – Usage rights; media schedule fulfilment, play-out processes etc.
Knowledge/experience of post-production and international versioning / adaptation would be an advantage
Technically confident with common TV formats, codecs, audio files etc.
Awareness of post-production software: Avid, FCP, Adobe Premiere, After Effects, 3DS Max, Nuke etc.
Knowledge of delivery systems: i.e. Adstream, Beam, IMD, Dub-Sat etc.
Personal Skills:
●	Excellent administrative skills   
●	Very organised and able to plan ahead and deliver on time
•   Able to deal with multiple tasks and projects against tight deadlines
•   Good project management skills
•   Excellent communication skills
•   Being pro-active, in providing Producer support where required, for example being comfortable with:
•      Suggesting ways to improve procedures/processes
•      Ability to use any down-time to actively look to for opportunities to help others / drive the business forwards.
•   Confidence in dealing with fellow team producers, clients, agencies, editors and sound engineers.
•   Team player, ability to remain calm under pressure and positive attitude
•   Fits in to the Zebra culture where we work hard and have lots of fun

Terms of employment:

Regular place of work shall be 12 Bishops Bridge Rd, W2 6AA. Ad-hoc travel to Spain will be required.

Standard working hours are from 9:00am to 17:30pm, including a one hour lunch break or breaks totalling one hour.

Employee is entitled to 22 working days (plus public holidays) as holiday leave, to be booked in and approved in advance.
Any working visas would be required for any foreign nationals working in the UK.
