
About us
Brava Fabrics is an apparel ecommerce startup based in Barcelona. All our products are created in Barcelona respecting Fair Trade and carefully manufactured in small productions.
We are a passionate team of young people who strongly believe that things can be different in the fashion industry.
We work at Indiana House, our showroom/office in the heart of Poblenou district in Barcelona. 
What’s the job about?
We are looking for an IT Software Developer with Project Management skills willing to lead challenging projects in Brava Fabrics.
He/she will take care of developing our e-commerce, creating automations and dashboards in all business areas and helping to organize the company information.
The candidate will be very immersed in advanced marketing online tools and will help us to create automations to optimize our marketing campaigns.
Your role in the company:
-       Hold responsibility for project delivery and execution of projects.
-       Code, search for tools and implement all solutions.
-       Create a development environment: choose the right tools & frameworks,
-       Create business dashboards in all company areas: Finance, Marketing, Logistics…
-       Help us automate all the business process that requires a manual, brainless execution.
-       Hold responsibility in webserver performance and uptime ratios.
-       Improve our e-commerce adding new features.
-       Help the team with issues related to computers: e-mail, preparing computers for new team members, printers, network…
We would like you to be...
These are our must:
-       Speak English and/or Spanish almost native.
-       Computer Science Degree
-       Experience in developing websites using: PHP, Javascript, CSS and Mysql.
-       Knowledge of developing for CMS. Prestashop will be highly valuated.
We will positively value
-       Experience in Online Marketing using any platform.
-       Experience using Marketing Online APIs: Google Analytics, Facebook, Google Adwords, Mailchimp.
-       Knowledge on how to create a development environment: Github, text editors, debuggers.
-       Experience in ERP Systems.
-       Experience in business intelligence reporting tools, such as Qlickview or Tableau.
