
Who we are:
Be part of Marfeel, one of the hottest European start-up companies. We are recommended at the very top by Google itself for our mobile design solution and with our partners we have over 2 billion worldwide readers and over 10 billion page views. Our headquarters are based in sunny Barcelona and our office has a huge terrace to enjoy.
-If you feel like a jS padawan, or you feel in the path to become a Jedi, join the Marfeel Force you must.
-You will be working in our Platform team that supervises a portfolio of clients from technical implementation through launch. This is an essential role within the company supporting the growth and retention of our customers.
-You will work with both internal and external parties to ensure that client requests are handled quickly and appropriately ( Sales team, Engineers and CS) and will actively contribute to the on-going success of our solution.
-You will work with the teams to help identify, troubleshoot, and resolve technical needs experienced by our publisher and partner base.
-If you are a team player with a user-centric vision who provides excellent support and ensures that the work quality levels fully meet expectations, you will fit in well with our team and we want to hear from you!

This will be you:
You feel you have a goal when you aid with technical integrations in the pre-sales stage, as well as launch preparation and support post-sales.
You feel hunger for deep knowledge of each customer to find exclusive characteristics and develop custom solutions.
You know the importance of retain and support customers to ensure a smooth service.
You like to Improve implementation process, making integration and optimization recommendations.
Expand our sales engines and improve results.
Coordinate with the team to determine objectives and work out different approaches to address tasks efficiently and effectively.
You feel like you have a mission not just a task
You understand iterative development, a day without pushing code makes you sad
You Know the importance of being part of an universe where all the departments need each other and work together for a mutual goal.
You care about online news and user experience
International team player
Eager for knowledge
Lots of stamina, you get bored if you don’t have nothing to do.
Hands-on and proactive.
Fluent english (it’s a must).
What you’ll do:
Aid with technical integrations in the pre-sales stage, as well as launch preparation and support post-sales.
Obtain deep knowledge of each customer to find exclusive characteristics and develop custom solutions.
Maintain and support customers to ensure a smooth service.
Improve implementation process, making integration and optimization recommendations.
Expand our sales engines and improve results.
Coordinate with the team to determine objectives and work out different approaches to address tasks efficiently and effectively.
And most of all, you are passionate about technology.

We will be impressed if:
Familiar with Agile methodologies.
Graphic design background.
Nginx, Tomcat, MongoDB.
Experience with version control systems (Git, Github…).
Experience troubleshooting technical issues for external clients.
 
This will be you as part of the Marfeel team:
Working on an international, multicultural and talented team and enjoying our sunny terrace.
We speak +than 15 languages so, you will not get lost in translation.
Flexible working-time.
Free commodities (coffee, tea, juices,etc).
Ping-pong tournaments.
Team building events!
Training, books, all you need to feel the empowerment.
And, Referral Bonus if you bring other talented people like you.
