
Creative designer - Local Creative Solutions – Emailing 
Location London at 10 Bloomsbury Way! 
About CRITEO
Criteo (CRTO) delivers personalized performance marketing at an extensive scale. Measuring return on post-click sales, Criteo makes ROI transparent and easy to measure. Criteo has 2,000 employees in 31 offices across the Americas, EMEA and Asia-Pacific, serving 11,000 advertisers worldwide and with direct relationships with 16,000 publishers.
Why work with us?
We are innovative, passionate, fearless, creative, driven, and adaptable.  Our core values are at the heart of who we are. We have a spontaneous and vibrant culture, and we truly believe in team spirit and collaboration. 
Premium coverage of Healthcare & Dental + Free eye test
Competitive compensation + Pension scheme with contribution from Criteo
Career advancement with global mobility opportunities !
25 days of holiday! 
Happy hour, (healthy) snacks, breakfast, social events.
Childcare vouchers 
Cycle to work + Bike storage and shower & lockers in the office
Season Ticket Loan
Health Club Memberships discount + Free Yoga and Pilate lessons in the office. 
Santander Bike keys + Museum passes available
Check out a day in the life at Criteo!
Mission:
The Local Creative team has the role to design and integrate marketing newsletters and all advertising experiences provided by Criteo. It delivers Newsletters and banners that fit with client expectations and optimize their campaigns performances. Within the Local Creative team and in collaboration with the Central Creative team, you’ll be in charge of designing, customizing, and optimizing our e-mailing solution deployed to all our international customers.
The role:
1-Design, integrate and customize Web marketing newsletters:
Based on the client brief, you select the most relevant Newsletter templates, adapt it and integrate all the graphic elements within our tools. You may have to provide a full custom design (not based on templates) when relevant given the brief. You provide the mock-up to the client and get them approved before delivering the production version of the Newsletter.
2-Optimize, drive and improve our customer’s campaigns:
You analyze client campaigns performances and constantly look after optimizations that can improve client ROI, based on both graphical elements/layouts and personalization of the recommendation.
3-Work with our central team to improve our e-mailing solution:
You provide feedback on templates, tools, processes and performances, and propose improvements to the Central team.
Profile:
- Have a Web Integrator experience, especially HTML integration (at least 3 years).
- You’re Pixel perfect (sensitive to Design and UI/UX) 
- Have a strong knowledge of Adobe Suite
- Have a thorough knowledge of Web standards.
- You have strong skills in HTML5 / CSS3 / XML and JavaScript.
- You demonstrate a real team spirit.
- You’re fluent in English
Criteo, the global leader in scalable personalized retargeting solutions, is growing their U.S. Operation and looking for aggressive and motivated professionals with varying levels of experience to be an integral part of our continued success. 
Criteo is transforming digital advertising into a relevant user experience! 
Candidates must be eligible to work in Europe full time without restriction.
