
Are you the one?

We are looking for a highly motivated and experienced Digital Product Designer based in our headquarters in Madrid. You need to enjoy working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and be very result-oriented.
We’re not looking for ninjas or gurus. We’re looking for real Product Designers, who are excited and motivated to change things and to work in a close-knit team environment.
Key Accountability and Responsibilities. 

Deliver high-quality art direction and visual designs using tools like Sketch, Photoshop or Illustrator.
Participate in concept ideation and brainstorming sessions as well as in user research to identify insights and opportunities.
Transform concepts into cross-device visual designs (desktop, tablet and mobile) and UI specifications ready for implementation.
Collaborate with UX designers, product managers and developers.
Support developers during the development of his/her designs, to ensure that the designs are executed with fidelity.
Help Packlink improve our product design process. 
Key Skills, Knowledge, Experience and Competencies

This job is not for everyone. 

He / She will work creating new products as well as iterating them. 
Must have + 4 years of experience. 
Attention to detail. 
Autonomous and proactive. You're friendly and organized and you're always trying to push Packlink forward. 
Empathy with customers, business and brand vision. You know that a well-designed product is not only about visual design but about combining desirability, feasibility and profitability. 
Eager to learn and experiment. 
Required: 
A strong portfolio with clear rationals behind design decisions.   
Desired:
Having interaction design knowledge would be a plus.
It’s better if he/she has worked on a product team, but not mandatory.
Both SaaS and ecommerce experience desired.
Good English level recommended. 

What We Offer:

Joining a company that’s delivering ground-breaking solutions in an industry in need of change.
Working in sunny Madrid.
A competitive salary package.
A young and upbeat work environment. Leave your suit behind; we’re a t-shirt and converse kind of place.
A truly international team: We speak at least 10 languages to date.
An exciting, key role in a high growth start-up, backed by internationally renowned VCs.

