
EBS is the largest and most professional barschool in the world. With over 21 Schools in 15 different countries and 4 continents, from Europe over Asia and Australia we educate and recruit bartenders from all over the world. We also work closely together with respected brands in the global industry to ensure constant development and career opportunities for our students across the globe.  
As a growing, international company, currently experiencing high levels of continuing growth, we seek a full-time, in-house UX Designer to join our growing marketing team; you will be responsible for creating UI/UX designs across a wide range of projects and platforms.
You'll find us at www.barschool.net
WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING
You will be our first permanent, in-house hire specifically for UX and IA related projects, so it’s a great opportunity for someone who is interested in a challenge.
The first project that you will be working on is a complete rebuild and redesign of our job portal.
You will work with the Product Owners to conceptualise and design the way the product works, looks and feels for our graduates. 
Building the information architecture
Creating wireframes
Designing mockups
Contribute to high-level strategic decisions regarding the website.
Conducting and/or managing the outsourcing of customer research
This project is currently approved and waiting to go. We imagine this project would be 100% of your time for the first 2/3 months.
Once you have successfully delivered this project you will divide your time between our Marketing sites and booking engine, student login and other projects that require UX design.
Marketing Sites
We constantly, plan, design and develop new features and services for our marketing sites to ensure they deliver on our business objectives. 

Collaborate with the business to enhance and build UX concepts for our Marketing sites.
Create prototypes from Photoshop web layouts (Prototyping skills, HTML, CSS, JavaScript a plus).
Research analytics and user data to drive UX enhancements
Develop rich UI web designs
Define functionality, content, navigation and interaction models through page level wireframes, site-maps, process flowcharts, use cases, and content matrices.
Design, develop and conduct usability tests to validate information architecture, interaction design, and graphic design.
Booking engine, student login
We plan, during 2016, to redevelop and design our current booking engine, (responsive) this is a great opportunity for you to apply your skills and knowledge on UX for our booking engine.
WHO ARE YOU?
You’ll have around 3-4 years of UX design experience, either agency or client side, for mobile and web combined with a passion for design & aesthetics and enthusiasm for improving people’s daily lives, in return we have some really interesting and varied projects for you to work on, and you will be starting a role that is new to the business and is eager to learn from you.

Sound and specific knowledge on platform design and guidelines (Web, Mobile, iOS & Android), UCD methodology as well as usability testing and user research.
Experience with sketching tools, wire framing, and prototyping.
Passion for creating the perfect user experience across everything you do, whilst delivering on business issues and requirements.
Significant User Centered Design (UCD) knowledge
Accomplished visual design skills 
Solid understanding of Web usability concepts and principles
Great Digital experience with a strong portfolio to show.
Education Profile 
You can come from a diverse background, in fact we like if you have done things a little differently, but should hold at least one of the qualifications below:
PHD or MSc in Human Computer Interaction
BSc in Human Computer Interaction, e-Commerce, Interaction Design, Cognitive Psychology or Social Anthropology
BA in Visual Design and Digital Media 
Other science or design qualifications considered with relevant experience
WHY CHOOSE EBS?
We are a great company with a great product, our students love us, and hopefully you will do. We offer:
Competitive salary
A casual work environment, but we do mean business!
Young, busy, vibrant office in central Barcelona.
Great growth potential within our expanding business and marketing department.

