
Si eres un Programador con conocimientos en PHP, Java, te interesa el mundo de la consultoría de Marketing Digital y tienes un buen nivel de inglés, nos encantaría conocerte. Nuestras oficinas están en Aravaca (Madrid). En nuestra agencia trabajamos con clientes nacionales e internacionales, con clientes de varios sectores diferentes. Si tienes ganas de desarrollarte profesionalmente en una empresa en expansión, Kapturall es una buena opción para ti. Paso a describirte en inglés el perfil que andamos buscando:
Summary:
We're looking for a web developer seeking a career as PHP Developer. The function will be mostly API / Systems integration between various CRMs and Marketing Automation platforms as well as some Wordpress integration. Projects will be small but consistent to start, but long term / permanent role is a real possibility for the right person. We're based in Madrid but our clients are located all around the world.
Key Assets we are looking for:
Experience with CRM or MA systems a plus 
Spanish language and/or living in Spain is a plus, Madrid a plus plus 
Wordpress development also a plus.
Desired Skills:
CRM, Javascript, PHP, Wordpress
Job Requirements:
- Graduate with IT or Web Development or Web Design background, and a strong interest in Digital Marketing. 
- Will to develop real experience in developing web solutions and integrations, and handling clients and project execution and reporting within their area of delivery. 
- Previous experience in Email Marketing systems, CRM, Vertical Software Solutions will be valued. 
- Additional knowledge in related areas such as PPC and SEO, Graphic Design, Video and Audio Recording and Editing will be considered a valuable plus.
Key Competencies:
Passion for Web Development applied to Business Strategy and internet marketing. 
Good communication skills and Excellent English Level (interviews will done in English) 
Ability to think creatively, and identify and resolve problems. 
Attention to detail and the ability to effectively multi-task in a deadline driven atmosphere. 
Ability to learn new industries and new business types quickly and can apply this knowledge to internet marketing initiatives and achieving client goals. 
High levels of integrity, autonomy, and self-motivation. 
Analytical, organizational, project management and time management skills.
