
MediaMonks is hiring a Sr. Motion Graphics Monk to move pixels across space and time.
About the Job
+ As part of our mighty Animation & Motion Graphics department, you will design motion graphics for a wide variety of projects.
+ The job’s a mix of original work and equally awesome adaptations of existing styles and assets.
+ You work as part of a fully integrated production operation, with 600 Monks from all production disciplines working together to craft awesome work.
+ This means you can team-up with world-class developers to work on interactive projects, or collaborate with top-notch artists and illustrators to achieve a specific style.
+ The job is based at our Dutch headquarters in Hilversum, though you may get to travel to our other international offices if your craft is needed elsewhere on this planet.
About You
+ We are looking for a versatile animator with 3+ years of experience in the motion graphics field.
+ You can produce drop-dead gorgeous animations and designs, even under absurd deadlines.
+ Your first-rate skills with After Effects, Illustrator and Photoshop are second to none.
Ideally, you also boast some basic (or bold) skills in traditional animation software and/or Cinema 4D
+ When it comes to animating graphics, you know how to get the principal details right, or break ’m for artistic effect.
+ However, the job’s not only about technical artistry. To excel in this role, you have to be a team player, skilled in communicating problems and progress and working together with juniors and seniors alike.
Come Play for Pay
At MediaMonks, you join a young & fun, successful and fast-growing international company that constantly pushes the envelope when it comes to production, and parties. In addition to an unlimited supply of awesome coworkers and caffeine, being a Monk comes with a one-of-a-kind company culture, amplified through awesome awards, and a rad lunch and pension fund.
If your skills at work and play are of equal greatness, we’d love to hear from you. However, let your work speak first by sending us your most animated projects.

