
We are looking for the perfect Marketing Director to lead our team of enthusiastic marketers in the right direction. Currently we are a team of creative strategists, project managers, copy writers, designers, developers and analysts that are working together in a united team. This team needs a captain to lead our ship in the direction that is best for us.
 
The marketing department have previously been controlled by members of the board but due to massive growth and expansion plans it is now time to take in a skilled Marketing Director.
 
The position is new in the company and it’s more of a strategic role rather than a practical one. We want you to take our marketing efforts to a new level. This is also a chance for you to shape the department as you best see fit. Because of rapid growth in old and new markets this department will see new structures and procedures within the next year due to new, top management, like yourself among others. 
 
The Role:
 
You will coordinate and manage across all departments within the marketing field. You will work closely and have an overview of the Head of Creative Strategies, Content Manager, Social Media Manager, Art Director, PR Manager, Market Analysis Coordinator, the development team and sales team.
You will refer directly to the board and will have an important impact on global and local market strategies and goals. Together with the team you will create and follow important strategies and report back to the board.
On a daily basis you will run the managers of the marketing team to drive the best possible results that will reflect back on above mentioned goals.
You will understand the company vision and ensure that EBS stays true to its Mission Statement throughout its growth. As well as having an overview of all departments the Marketing Director will constantly lend ideas and pave the way for the future of EBS marketing, ensuring EBS stay true the brand while at the same time are constantly pushing today’s assumptions of what marketing is. Staying ahead of trends and ensuring that our customer journey is innovative, engaging and a winning concept.
 
Previous experience:
 
You must have experience in managing a marketing team in an agency or another cooperate company of our size. Experience with working across several markets is a big plus.
You will have extensive knowledge and experience in Online marketing, Social media marketing, lead generation, analytics & lead nurturing that you can take on to this company.
 
About EBS:
 
European Bartender School is the market leader in the bartending educational industry. With two global offices and 25+ stores (schools) and a dedicated team of professionals, we have trained and educated over 50.000 bartenders from all over the world. We are currently around 150 employees and will be 250 at the end of 2016.
As part of our marketing efforts we maintain more than 20 websites and a variety of social media channels worldwide. EBS has big plans for expansions over the coming years and we are looking to build a strong, reliable team to help us further transform the bartending industry one mojito at a time.
Our marketing strategies are exciting and very much in front with technology constantly. We need to be on top to meet our target group (18-27 years) where they are at anytime. The atmosphere on our team is young and vibrant but we are very serious at what we do.
We have no global competitors and our expansion plans are massive during the next 3 years. We will expand with a lot more schools and markets due to massive growth and for that reason we need to rebuild our organization for growth the next 3-6 months.
 
Meet the family:
 
The team is a close-knit, happy family, bursting with ideas and creativity. Based in beautiful Barcelona, we definitely make the most of our location with company events taking us around the city and even around Europe. You won’t find such an international, well-rounded workforce anywhere else in the world.
Key responsabilities:
    Creating and Implementing of marketing plans, campaign strategies, and new market strategies. Short term and long term.
    Marketing budget responsibilities.
    Managing and overviewing project work flows
    Team management and recruitment support
    Be a key contributor to both planning and implementation of robust social media campaigns and manage and coordinate the social media-marketing calendar with the team.
    Work with HOCS (Head of Creative Strategies) to implement and continually test new creatives, landing pages, channels and tools in order to meet goals and stay current
    Work with the development team on identifying emerging & future opportunities, explore & try new digital & mobile acquisition channels. 
    Improve key digital metrics (click, search, convert).
    Work with in-house SEO and PPC managers and conversion specialists to optimize paid acquisition marketing campaigns across several countries in different languages (SEM, Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, contextualized content campaigns, retargeting, email marketing, display, etc) in-house. 
    Optimize all our in bound marketing
    Campaign reports
    Markets BI tools & Google Analytics analysis to drive actionable insights
    ROI maximizing & CRO (campaigns, funnels, etc)
    Looking for opportunities for standardization, automation and how to reduce complexity 
 Key Skills:
    Team Leadership skills
    Great organization skills
    Experience from a global/international marketing environment
    B2C experience
    Goal driven and used to work under pressure
    Extensive knowledge of digital marketing and social media.
    Understanding of PPC.
    Good analytical reporting skills.
    Experience in working alongside a sales team
    Strong coordination and time management skills
    Bachelor’s degree, preferably in marketing, communications or related field.
    Experience in market management for a travel / education concept or something similar OR Agency experience with relevant clients within the field.
    Excellent facilitation and interpersonal skills; able to plan and lead workshops independently
    5 years of work experience in marketing and/or advertising.
    Extensive knowledge and experience in Online marketing, Social media marketing, lead generation & lead nurturing.
    Experience in digital marketing and branding
    Experience in lead generation websites
    Fluent in English (Other languages a bonus)  
Desired skills:
    Ability to manage multiple channels, campaigns & markets
    Performance & result oriented
    Problem solver, proactive, team worker & self-motivated individual
    Passionate about the digital landscape
    Outstanding analytical skills
    Excellent Excel & organizational skills
    Site optimization experience
    Familiar with advertising purchasing models (CPC, CPA) and online media planning  
Additional skills:
    Experience of A/B Testing tools as Optimizely or similar is a plus
    Knowledge of App analytics tools is a plus
    B2B Marketing experience is a plus
    Multi-lingual is a plus  
We offer:
    Amazing office space in Barcelona city centre
    Flexible working hours 
    Fantastic work events out of office
    International team
    The opportunity to travel 
How to apply:
Apply for this position today by forwarding your CV and application to Lasse Madsen via lm@bartenderskolen.dk
You are also more than welcome to email Lasse Madsen should you have any questions regarding this position.
