
We are looking for a Copywriter/Creative with Storytelling experience who will play a crucial role in executing our content marketing strategy. This professional will help in the conceptualization and design of Studio Banana’s success stories (own projects and collaborations with leading international brands) to communicate a broader and deeper understanding of our values, methodologies, creative principles and our impact that resonates with our target audience and compels them to engage with our brand.
Main responsibilities:
	Collaborate closely with the Management team to define a strategy that facilitates the translation of the company’s vision into creative, compelling and thought provoking marketing material.
	Ideate communication experiences that uniquely amplify Studio Banana’s message.
	Execute Studio Banana’s content marketing strategy to strengthen its positioning as a groundbreaker Imagination Studio.
	Develop emotional and engagement stories that help our key stakeholders understand what we do, why we do it, and how it’s relevant to them.
	Create effective content for Studio Banana’s success stories in different formats: blog posts and articles, infographics, video scripts and storyboards, social media posts, papers, commercial materials…
	Oversee the production of the materials (new and adaptations) needed to illustrate the success stories.
	Create a lasting system to surface, develop and publish compelling stories based on our work.
Requirements & Skills:
	Proven experience in managing or advising big or upstart brands, in thinking strategically and in telling stories: demonstrated capacity to develop, refine and transmit the brand messages to key stakeholders.
	A natural storyteller: ability in taking a complex message and boiling it down to its essence.
	Exceptional communications and editorial skills: passion for writing and attention to accuracy, grammar, story flow, style and tone.
	High capacity to collaborate across teams in multiple locations, as well as the ability to exert influence both with and without formal authority.
	Results-oriented, patient and ability to work under stress.
	Open, curious, energetic and focused.
	Fluent Spanish and English. French is a bonus.
