
About EBS:
European Bartender School is a market leader in the bartending industry. Our mission is to educate exceptional bartenders from all over the world; making the world taste better, one cocktail at a time. With three global offices and a dedicated team of professionals, we have trained over 50,000 bartenders from across the globe in the past 16 years. Due to continuous expansion of our organisation and workforce, we are looking to fill the position described above.
We are currently looking for a Global Website Manager to join the EBS marketing team. As a Global Website Manager, you will work with our Head of Digital Services on a wide variety of assignments and collaborate with multiple parts of the development and design team. Our main sites are set up through WordPress, as such you should know about WordPress multisite installations at a good technical level of understanding.
Your primary day-to-day focus will be creating and developing websites for marketing purposes in a WordPress environment. This involves localization and rollout of our marketing sites as we embark on an ambitious market expansion during 2016, taking our current market website presence from 15 to around 25 markets. This will require project management and localisation experience, therefore, we are ideally looking for someone who has commercial experience of managing localization of digital projects.
From a technical perspective, you’re not unfamiliar with setting up a development environment and managing the basics of server and domain management as the role will have some “hands on” requirements, however, you will have a small team of developers and content administrators to help with any specific tasks. Your tasks range widely from rolling out new market websites to supporting and maintaining our existing websites as we add more of a local touch to specific market websites. 
Key Responsibilities:
Responsible for the creation and maintenance of the EBS’s marketing websites.
Own the Wordpress backend/frontend for our corporate website presence
Managing EBS’s marketing websites and keeping a close eye on the day-to-day operations, logging, distributing and clearing bugs and issues as and when they arise.
Manage the localisation rollout of our marketing websites, working with our internal translators, technically setting up new market websites etc.
Being a core team member. Assisting with the daily operations of the extended team for the website
Help with the development and promote standard operating procedures for the effective running and administration of the marketing websites.
Manage communication with web developers and designers to ensure projects stay on track
Coordinate web projects across departments, ensuring they stay on track.
Personal Requirements:
Experience installing, configuring, and managing WordPress installations
Some technical knowledge required, experience creating and editing PHP, JavaScript, HTML and CSS. (Working knowledge)
Experience with web-hosting configuration, DNS, SSL, and security best practices
Extensive experience with creating, improving and updating websites in WordPress required. Experience in or willingness to learn a variety of other content management systems desirable (e.g.Sitecore, Drupal etc.).
Three to five years of experience in web management, project management, and digital marketing within a commercial environment, either agency side or client side.
Experience leading an internal team for website management. Work both collaboratively with our marketing team and independently with the ability to manage time effectively.
Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously, seeing projects through from concept to completion.
Previous experience managing websites and digital projects. Ability to juggle multiple project streams, communicate with the business team, prioritise responsibilities and deadlines with the ability to solve problems quickly and efficiently while working in a fast paced changing environment
Demonstrated experience in identifying and implementing SEO best practices.
Have a strong understanding of responsive design, cross-browser functionality and web standards.
Stay abreast on current technology, including latest trends, updates and web design principles.
Excellent English language skills, both verbal and written. We are a multinational company and English is our business language.
What You’ll Receive:
A competitive salary, depending on experience
A young and dynamic working environment
Company paid snacks and coffee/tea
Company paid events and trips
Free weekly Spanish classes and training boot camp
Casual dress code and an in-office music system
Life at EBS:
At EBS, we offer our employees a unique and energetic working environment that you won’t find anywhere else! Our offices are created to provide you with a vibrant, positive and motivated setting to maximise creativity. Working as part of our international team means you will experience new cultures and may even pick up a few new phrases along the way. Joining EBS means you’ll have the opportunity to grow both professionally and personally, have an incredible experience abroad and make money at the same time.

