
Findasense is a fast-growing company. It has developed and deployed marketing and consumer interaction solutions to more than 40 markets over the last 4 years. Since 2011, our team has doubled its size every year, and now comprises more than 250 full-time professionals. Findasense is fully aimed and committed to creating an outstanding, global and networked organization, with innovation, creativity and smart client service practices at the heart of all operations and capabilities. We love humble, talented, and ambitious people with strong ‘can-do’ and ‘start-up’ attitude.
PURPOSE
To optimize, enhance, innovate, and sell Findasense Value Proposition in the field of Omni-channel Customer Experience, as a path to digitalize business for our clients.
OUTCOMES
1. Optimizing and innovating our Products and Services.
- Defining service solutions for our clients up to the very end of the process, including pricing and launch planning if needed.
- Innovating our Products and Services portfolio on the continuous search of both cost efficiency and differentiation.
- Documenting and maintaining our knowledge base in a comprehensive manner adapted for any stakeholder.
2. Helping Sales department to lift up our Value Proposition.
- Connecting client’s demand in market to the best fit into our Products and Services portfolio.
Integrating client’s feedback into the service design and delivery routines as a tool for optimization and client’s satisfaction.
- Accompanying our Sales team on the process of selling and closing deals with clients when required.
Contributing on preparing Budget Proposals to clients when required.
3. Aligning and guiding practices through short and long-term projects (e.g. pitches or ad-hoc consultancy projects).
- Allocating best resources available and establish clear objectives and goals to satisfy clients’ briefings, proposals requirements, or research projects.
- Producing service methodologies on Marketing Services in order to keep sustainable competitive advantage for Findasense.
COMPETENCIES
Job fit:
Proficiency in Digital Marketing and Communications and Customer Experience Omnichannel.
Customer Segmentation.
Product Marketing.
Planning resources and Budgeting.
Consultative Selling and Closing.
Client Facing.
Innovation and Technology-driven skills, both incremental and transversal.
Knowledgeable in Business Strategy.
5-7 years proven experience in a multinational consultancy firm or corporation.
Deep knowledge about start-up creation methodologies (lean start-up, business model canvas, lean canvas, value proposition design).
Certification on Design Thinking or similar is valuable.
Deep expertise in Project Management methodologies (PMP, SCRUM, Agile, KANBAN).
English/Spanish Bilingual.
Cultural Fit:
Honesty.
Relentlessly.
Efficiency.
Attention to detail.
Analytical skills.
Organization and planning.
Fast Learning.
Creativity and Innovation.
Proactivity.
Goal driven.
Enthusiasm.
High Standards.
Communication Skills.
Teamwork.
Challenge willing.
