
But, who is MisterFly ? 
“I’m an online travel booking specialist offering regular low-cost flights, completed with almost 400 000 hotels. In 2016, more than 360 000 customers chose to trust me to book their travel (yes, they did!). I provide innovative services and I have been awarded with 4 prizes (because I‘m worth it). Furthermore, I am an exclusive partner of venteprivee.com and other beautiful references. 
I am composed of 80 passionate employees and my team is expected to double in 2017! That’s why my founders have decided to launch my first international subsidiary in Spain, in Barcelona”.
MisterFly Spain also means completely renovated offices with a superb view of the Rambla Catalunya and Tibidabo! So? Are you inspired by the travel industry? Do you have a winning and adventurous spirit? Do your share our values below ?
	Pleasure : a great work environment where everyone can be creative, productive and grow as an individual and within a team
	Respect : Aretha Franklin was right ! This is the basis of a good relationship. Our aim is to cultivate & value the diversity. 
	Simplicity : humility, modesty, caring for each other, are the founding principles of what makes MisterFly a human and approachable company. 
	Responsibility : our employees are autonomous, proactive and dare to make decisions and propose new ideas. 
	Solidarity : MisterFly is a partner of the NGO « Imagine for Margo » and contributes to fight against children’s cancer. Solidarity at MisterFly means never take anything for granted. 
Then read on…
Content Specialist’s challenge :
As part of a convivial human-size company, you will be part of the Marketing Department, providing amazing content for our offers (hotels+ flights packages), websites and communication supports.
Your role will be to:
	Create the copy of the products (hotel, flight and pre-package) ensuring compliance with strict specifications
	Make the magic happen ! You are selling travel and evasion, so make us dream !
	Be creative and have your own style by respecting the brand
	Respect deadlines, liaising with the Production Department
You are the perfect one, if you have :
	A NATIVE LEVEL OF DUTCH, + another language: French/and/or English
	A perfect grammar in your native language
	Your way with words and know how to market great offers 
	Higher education (minimum University degree) in Journalism, Advertising and/ or Tourism
	Some experience in the hotel or tourism industries or if you own/ have written for related blogs
	+6 months experience working in a similar position
	A wild desire to be part of a creative, dynamic & multicultural team
And if on top of this, you are rigorous, methodical, detail-oriented, able to adapt yourself regarding unexpected events and deadlines and you have the start-up spirit.
