
Job Description
We are looking for a proactive, versatile, experienced C++ engineer to maintain and improve our build and bake pipelines, as well as automating recurring manual steps involved in the creation and delivery of releases.
Daily responsibilities
    Support and improve the toolset for continuous integration (of both code and data), automated testing and release management for all studio projects.
    Proactively collaborate with Engine and Game C++ teams in order to identify and reduce bottlenecks throughout the processes.
    Review C++ header inclusion practices, and propose and benchmark patterns and solutions to reduce build overhead coming from code structuring.
    Improve automatic reporting of issues in the build/bake pipelines.
    Develop and maintain guidelines and practices to facilitate branch-based development workflows, with CI.
    Maintain documentation on processes and tools involved.
    Establish best-practices and guidelines to sustain the solutions and actively advocate for them.
    Provide support and maintain implemented solutions, empowering client teams to meet their deadlines with the adequate quality guarantees.
Qualifications
Required Skills
    Strong C++ knowledge.
    Experience working with automation servers for CI (Jenkins preferably).
    Experience with scripting languages (Lua, Python preferred).
    Experience working in cross-platform environments (Windows, Linux, iOS, Android, …)
    Experience working with different build systems (MSBuild, gcc/make, xcode, …)
    Strong familiarity with VCS systems such as svn or git.
    Excellent communication and organizational skills.
    Excellent English technical writing level.
    University Degree in relevant subject or equivalent experience.
Desired Skills
    Good knowledge of Unix/Linux systems.
    Excellent spoken English level.
Additional information
Why Join the World of Gameloft?
    Because you want to be part of an exceptional experience within a company that is constantly growing!
    Because you want to work with talented people who are industry pioneers!
    Because you want to join a global company and meet great people around the world from all walks of life.
    Or, just because you’re looking for a great place to work!
