
Imagine a place where you work hand to hand with your client and team within a high creative
environment.
We are looking for young Social Media professionals to manage communication with consumers 
stakeholders through a number of online channels and social media platforms, dealing with different
types of situations that require creativity, influencing capacity and a positive attitude to effectively
generate the desired results, also by providing professional, courteous, and prompt support.
Their capacity to develop strategies to build relations around a brand and generate interaction is key as well as their knowledge of the latest’s technologies and platforms that people use to express
themselves.
Mission:
Coordinating, communicating &amp; managing of consumers through all channels pro-actively.
Responding consumers &amp; customers through social channels.
Proceeding corporate community management tasks.
Coordinating & leading local markets through community managers.
Accountabilities and main responsibilities:
Managing of communities through all channels pro-actively & re-actively with coordination, via
Operations Manager.
Managing ensuring of posting new content analyzing input data coming from listening team,
analysts, response team & other channels.
Following up opportunities supporting content team at local basis delivery of updated key words
engagement rate is succeeded.
Monitoring brands’ & corporate social media accounts giving answers.
Ensuring & monitoring that the processes are completed within the KPIs & SLAs.
Providing awareness for issue, incident, crisis &amp; opportunity management through community
management.
Answering ad hoc questions of the community management team during their processes.
Participate in recruitment processes in order to recruit new community management team.
Contributing towards the quality & training processes.
What we are looking for:
- BA or BS degree in marketing, communications, journalism, business administration or relevant subject.
- Background in social media communication and marketing (6moths).
- Good understanding of the social media dynamics and the communication, deep analysis of consumers behavior over social media and capable of acting accordingly or recommending courses of action.
- Professional proficiency in English and Spanish.
- Exceptional communication and crisis management skills.
- Creative thinking.
- Analytic and strategic thinking.
- Excellent verbal, written, reading, understanding and presentation skills.
- Experience developing and implementing tactical plans — including inspired and moderated solutions.
Innovation driven.
- Market Intelligence (Media consumption/behaviors…).
- Ability to understand consumer/customer needs.
- Problem solving oriented.
- Having management & coaching skills.
- Eligible to improve procedures & processes.
Attitude
You are an active, well-organized, self motivated, and entrepreneur person.
You are a clearspeaker, with very strong communication skills.
You are resolutive, positive, and target oriented.
You are an open mind person.
You gain trust with people through empathy, and proved common sense, so you instill accountability and leadership. The team love to work with you.
You inspire reliability and trust to clients.
Energetic leader of people, able to motivate, develop and inspire teams.
