
Eagle Eye and Penguin is a multinational creative and strategic agency specializing in content creation, motion graphics, and events is seeking motivated creative talent across multiple disciplines.
Applicants must be able to prove their skills, and speed of production, and creativity during the shortlist phase. 
Requirements:
Fluent in English and Spanish. Arabic or other languages are a plus.
Relevant experience is a must, with a deep understating of design or artistic principles.
Must be registered as a freelancer with the capability of issuing their own invoices.
Available for Skype meetings is a must.
Mac OS users will get priority.
All applicants need to provide the following infomation to be considered:
Years of experience
Online Portfolio
Rate per day / Rate per project
Applicants for the following positions must posses the listed skill sets: (If you posses multiple skill-sets please mention it in your application.)
Graphic Designers: Branding, Illustration, Layout, Image Retouching, and a strong sense of typography and color balance. Web, app and UXUI design skills are a plus.
Software Required: Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, InDesign. 
Motion Graphics 2D: Strength in animation of infographic videos, particle animation, postproduction, color correction, video editing, and compositing, lighting and special effects.
Software Required: Adobe After Effects, Premier, Trapcode Suite, Illustrator, Photoshop.
3D Motion Graphics: Strength in 3D Motion animation, Cloners, Deformers, Particles, and Dynamics. Lighting, Texturing and Understanding of different render engines based on the required output are a must. Rigging, Liquids, and Fur are a plus.
Software Required: C4D, Maya, Illustrator, Photoshop, Basic use of Aftereffects.
3D Modeling: Strong skills in polygonal modeling and organic modeling and texturing are a must. A strong grasp of nurbs, lighting, high quality rendering and rigging are a plus.
Software Required: Maya, C4D, zBrush, Illustrator, Photoshop.
