
Melon Rouge is a Creative Consultancy specialized in Branding. We provide integrated Brand Consulting and Creative Communication Services to advise our clients into building their brands.

We have a Creative heart and a Marketing mind which, combined with our experience, lead us to develop consistent strategies for brands to become successful on the marketplace.
We are a group of 18 in-house professionals with a strong marketing approach, specialized in Marketing, Strategy, Branding & Digital Innovation Design which runs from B2B to mass market.

We are looking for a Web Developer  to join the Digital Innovation team.

The Web Developer will collaborate with the team to develop websites for clients and work on Research & Development projects. He/She will work closely with the Designers / Art Director to provide guidelines and with the Project Manager to make sure the final product fits with the client’s expectations.

If you have a strong appetence for international web design, you understand the importance of following designs to the pixel, you are able to think outside the box and play with ideas to find always the best impact, you are our missing stone!

Responsibilities:

Develop websites on Wordpress, customize templates and include plugins to upgrade the template.
Adapt a Wordpress website to a specific brand identity.
Deploy websites on production servers, manage hosting for clients websites.
Develop newsletters and web pages from scratch using CSS / HTML / JS.
Ready to understand a brief and follow specific instructions while generating new ideas.
Strong organizational and time management skills. Able to work on several projects at once.
Able to receive constructive criticism and be flexible when changes come to the table.
Passionate about web design, bringing new ideas based on the latest trends and technologies.
Understand the client’s expectations and propose the best approach to optimize time and budget.
Be ready to learn from other members of the team to grow and fulfill his/her career expectations.
Skills to develop Facebook apps is a plus.

Requirements

3+ years of experience in web development.
Good knowledge of these technologies: HTML5 / CSS3 / jQuery / PHP / MySQL.
Understanding of common website architecture : database / server / client.
Experience with at least one PHP framework required.
Great organization skills: rigor, reactivity, flexibility, adaptability.
Daily use of Internet, on desktop, tablet or smartphone.
An interesting web presence, such as blog, is a plus.
Team player: curiosity, natural authority, calm, patient, solution-driven.
Very good spoken English, Khmer language is a plus.
Ability to read technical documentation in English.
 
