
CornerJob is a digital startup that belongs to ANTAI VENTURE BUILDING, an incubator that is part of an important ecosystem created more than 3 years ago in Barcelona, composed by the incubator of digital projects, a business angels network, more than 30MM euros venture capital funds and several digital startups launched. 
The group is integrated by more than 200 professionals. ANTAI VENTURE BUILDER is one of the incubators of reference in Europe due to its involvement in the launching of LetsBonus, Wallapop, ChicPlace, FancyBox, ElCodi, Deliberry, Stampydoo and many others thank also to the digital marketing agency of the group BeRepublic and Be2015. 
CornerJob is an application to offer and search for employment in high rotation sectors. It meets the need of specifics channels where labor market moves with greater fluidity and mobile interaction between employers and candidates is already a reality: retail, call centers operators, transportation, tourism. Its main goal is to become the leading employment search engine.  
Role and responsibilities: 
●	Conceptualize and create intuitive, engaging and brand-consistent experiences across web, desktop, iOS and Android.
●	Take a design hypothesis from sketch or wireframe to final artwork, prototype or markup, and follow through to publishing, A/B testing and results measurement.
●	Provide thought design leadership to the company and work with engineering to push the boundaries of what’s possible on emerging technologies.
●	Assess product, user research and design requirements.
●	Communicate and "sell" your design solutions to senior management and teammates, including engineers, product managers, partners, etc.
●	Work with cross-functional, globally located teams to manage and deliver designs on time, as well as champion the best possible user experience for our users and customers.
●	Maintain and evolve a set of design patterns.
Requirements: 
●	Online portfolio with multiple examples of design for desktop, iOS and Android platforms required.
●	5+ years of experience defining information architecture, visual design and/or interaction design for mobile applications.
●	Knowledge and experience of major mobile OS platforms UX Guidelines for iOS, Android, or other mobile platforms.
●	Experience managing UX design within a software development process, including working directly with development teams and product managers.
●	Experience in major aspects of product definition, i.e. developing user profiles, use scenarios, task flows, wireframes, prototypes, and information architecture.
●	A passion for the user experience, an obsessive attention to detail, and a proven ability to communicate and collaborate with others.
●	HTML/CSS/JS Knowledge.
●	Experience working in an agile development methodology.
●	Ability to meet aggressive deadlines for multiple projects in a fast-paced environment.
●	Excellent organizational skills and demonstrated ability to work independently.
We offer: 
●	Young, international, multidisciplinary and dynamic environment and a major opportunity in a growing business area.
●	Opportunity to develop professionally and to take a top responsibility role in a high growth company.
●	Attractive salary and bonus conditions based on goals.
●	Office located in Pier 01 Barcelona.

