
Do you believe you were put on this Earth to make life easier for users? Do you cry when you see poorly designed websites with clunky navigation menus which scare people away?
Do you think a well designed SaaS which gets users to sign up and complete the onboarding in less than 5 minutes is like great sex? (because you just can’t get enough)
Do you dream with simple, clean and elegant interfaces where every action and option is obvious to the user? Do you want to be a pioneer in the world of ChatBots and how users interact with them?
If you believe users and their experience is the only thing that matters, and you’re ready to live up to this mantra, you’re the person we’re looking for
Main responsibilities:
Lead UX, from concept to final hand off to engineering, in projects to be implemented by Scrum Teams.
Conceptualize and create engaging, easy-to-use mobile web and desktop design solutions that address business and user needs.
Produce concept models, journey maps, interaction flows, wireframes, interactive prototypes and UI mock-ups.
Work hand in hand with Product Management, BI and engineering to define and implement the best solutions.
Help the teams understand who our users are and what they need.
Keep Up-to-date with the latest UX/UI trends, techniques, and technologies.
Establish and promote design guidelines, best practices and standards.
Present your design work to peers and partners with exceptional presentation, communication, and negotiation skills. Be a leader.
Requirements
3+ years of UX design experience.
Knowledge of Agile Methodologies.
Fluency in design apps (Sketch, Illustrator, Photoshop, Invision, Marvel and a solid knowledge of HTML/CSS).
Excellent organizational skills and demonstrated ability to work independently.
A passion for user experience, an obsessive attention to detail, and a proven ability to communicate and collaborate with others.
Positive attitude.
Desired Skills
Previous experience working with SaaS.
Strong organizational skills.
Benefits
Indefinite contract.
Half-day Fridays.
iMac Work Computer.
Food check.
Parking.
Free beers on fridays.
Work in Agile environment.
Nice working space well located.
Professional team coming from Top Companies.
Professional projection: if we grow and you are good, you will also grow.
Our leads are really cool people.

