
Zankyou offers its services in a range of European and South American countries and in the USA and in 9 different languages (German, French, English, Italian, Portuguese, Spanish, Polish, Russian and Dutch).
To date, more than 100,000 couples have created their wedding webpage through Zankyou and more than 500,000 gifts have been given via Zankyou gift lists. Every month more than 3 million users use the website, with an average of 14 million page views.
We are looking for a Senior PHP Engineer to join our team. As a key member on the team, you will play an integral role in architecting and building the backend technology to help our platform grow.
You will work in a dynamic, creative and innovative environment with motivated team players who are not afraid of going the extra mile toward new challenge. We use the newest technologies in our field on a day-to-day basis, in a high-traffic site with a global philosophy. We’re crazy about the Internet and we love to learn new things every day as well as at conferences and industry events.
Around 140 people work at Zankyou at this time. Our team is young, international and energetic, with an average age of 29 and XX nationalities represented companywide.
This position is full-time and based in Madrid.
What you will do:
Design and craft improvements or brand new features in core backend projects focused on one of the pillars of the company
Find scalable and high performance solutions to the projects challenges
Thoroughly apply development best practices (Clean Code, TDD, etc.)
Contribute with fresh new ideas and your vision about the projects and their impact in the final product
Requirements:
Strong Computer Science fundamentals
Feel right at home building core functionality in PHP
Strong object oriented programming skills
Intimately familiar with MySQL and NoSQL systems
Disciplined and efficient approach towards architecture and stability
Love finding efficient and scalable solutions to complex problems
Write code clean, fast, and elegant
Team player, flexible, analytical and problem solver.
What we offer:
Working hard while having fun: Flexible working hours, a gorgeous office with stunning views. 
Ongoing Training: Biannual off-site summits in Cadiz or Mallorca, travel to and attend external tech conferences.
