
The Chief Technology Officer, reporting to the Managing Director, will transversally manage the functional areas and brands of the Company to promote and coordinate all the aspects related to the technology strategy, in collaboration with the Area Directors.
Functions:
Define and lead the global IT strategy, along with the evangelization and the creation of awareness within the company, through a comprehensive study of the company, the market and the competitors.
Translate business needs and opportunities into IT projects, design a strategy for each of them and supervise their implementation.
Define and lead the innovation strategy, specially focusing on the company’s goal, using technology as a tool for the digital transformation.
Present and define the platforms and digital supports, as well as the necessary tools for the products commercialization, distribution and management with the IT department’s collaboration.
Establish a global control pannel, including the Business Intelligence Strategies, as well as they key ways for identifying business opportunities; supporting the decision-making and defining the "Costumer Journey".
Define the KPIs, following up their results and achieving the established objectives. In order to do so, a tracking and reporting strategy must be implemented.
Define a multichannel model to meet the needs of the extern and the intern clients.
Apply lean methodologies for the proper development of the digital transformation.
Efficiently managing the resources allocation, as well as defining budgets.
REQUIREMENTS AND PERSONNAL SKILLS
The future CTO, will have to prove at least an 8-year experience in positions related to technology transformation, developing successful projects and managing teams at a transversal level.
Concerning the personal skills, the candidate must count with an “evangelizing”, resilient and disruptive mindset. Furthermore, meaningful communication skills and the ability to to work in a fast-paced environment will be required. Finally, the future candidate will have a business vision oriented towards the international.
In terms of education, an engineering degree will be a plus, as well as a postgraduate degree or further training. Moreover, a high level in English will be required too.
