
We are Garment Printing and we help companies, teams and businesses look good with long lasting, high quality personalised and branded clothing such as: personalised t-shirts, hoodies, jumpers, fleeces, jackets, polo shirts, sportswear, tote bags, and pretty much any other promotional product you can imagine. We also are experts in promotional merchandise: printed lanyards, personalised caps, sunglasses, mugs, clothing labels, pens, notebooks and any other product company want their brand on.
We are looking for a person to integrate into our Digital Marketing department, who knows the value of communication and b2b design, writes great texts and has interest in learning about digital marketing strategies. Starting date will be 5th of April.
What we offer
Full time contract
Salary depending on candidate
You will learn a lot about SEO and Digital Marketing
Full integration in a Young and growing company based in sunny Barcelona
Free juices
Relaxing environment with a Ping Pong table and a PlayStation 4
Responsibilities
You will write blog posts, product descriptions, case studies and other landing pages.
Translation from Spanish to English from a SEO perspective. Keyword Management and link building campaigns. 
Work alongside other marketers and content marketers to help distribute content that educates and entertains our audience and supports marketing goals.
Social Media actions that helps SEO, also following the Digital Marketing guidelines of the company.
Requirements / Skills
1-2 years’ experience as a Content Writer + SEO. Please send us web examples of your work.
HTML, Wordpress.
Magento knowledge will be a plus.
Exceptional writing and editing skills, as well as the ability to adopt the style, tone, and voice of our business' various types of content.
English native (mandatory). Spanish Fluency will be a plus. Please, take into account that this is really important.
1 to 2 years of marketing and content creation experience. Web and Social media examples will be taken into account.
Photoshop. Illustrator, InDesign or Premiere will be a plus, but it is not essential.
Excellent organizational skills to work independently and manage projects with many moving parts.
Proactive “can do” demeanour – takes initiative on tasks both strategic and routine.
Proactive and Punctual.
Basic understanding of Google Analytics
