
The Mobile Bakery is a Digital agency based in Barcelona, whose differential is in the development of strategies and mobile /web solutions that follow or broaden the business objectives of our clients.
From here we understand all the factors in which a business has to be understood and we move them into the digital environment, resulting in Apps & Webs that make the difference.
Our experience is in different sectors, ranging from large consumption, banking, Commerce, media and a specialization in StartUps where we provide support in the development of initiatives in the mobile.
We're currently looking for a UX Designer to join our team:
Key Responsibilities:
● Create engaging, easy-to-use mobile web and desktop design solutions that address business and user needs
● Leverage research insights (both qualitative and quantitative), trends, and best practices to recommend and influence the product experience. Connect design decisions to desired business goals and outcomes.
● Contribute to high-level strategic decisions with the rest of the product team
● Participate in user research activities and usability studies to be able to iterate design solutions based on customer data.
● Lead and facilitate brainstorming sessions and workshops with multi-disciplinary teams during early stages of product ideation.
● Embrace collaborative approaches to design. Work closely with product management, user research and engineers throughout design, development and implementation cycles.
● Produce concept models, journey maps, interaction flows, wireframes, interactive prototypes and UI mock-ups.
● Produce pixel-perfect production assets and design specifications and work with engineers to implement design solutions.
● Present your design work to peers and partners with exceptional presentation, communication, and negotiation skills. Be a leader both inside the UX group as well as within a product team.
● Understand our brands, our aesthetic, and our differentiators – become a brand steward in everything you contribute
● Give and solicit feedback from other designers in order to continually raise our bar for quality.
● Help cultivate a strong design culture within the team through organizing opportunities for skills sharing and/or developing thought leadership within the UX community through teaching and speaking opportunities.
● Drive UX vision in alignment with product roadmaps.
Required Experiences
● 2+ years professional UX design experience as a key member of a UX team participating in the product development lifecycle of several successfully delivered web, mobile and/or software applications.
● Bachelor’s degree in design, related field, or equivalent professional experience
● Solid knowledge of Sketch or Adobe Photoshop or Illustrator.
● Demonstrated experience using analytics data to inform design decisions
● Demonstrated experience on doing usability testing and design research activities or collaborating with a UX research team.
● Strong organizational skills.
● Strong presentation skills with the ability to speak to and defend your decision making yet be able to have open, direct and respectful conversations to ensure we reach the best possible design solutions as a team.
● Excellent attention to detail; a demonstrated experience of interaction design, typography, color, and page layout.
● English speaker with good written, verbal, and presentation abilities.
● Team player with a positive attitude.
