
About the company
MadPlay Games is a startup dedicated to the development and distribution of mobile games. Our team is passionate about video games, and we’re currently working on our third title. We’ve also been chosen to join Lanzadera, one of Spain’s most important accelerators, for its fourth batch.
Job description
MadPlay Games is looking for an exceptional, talented and experienced illustrator to join our team. Applicants to this position need to demonstrate deep understanding of industry standard illustration techniques as well as an interest in emerging trends in the field. The chosen artist will be in charge of creating high quality illustrations for the company’s games.
The ideal candidate has extensive experience in creating digital illustrations in a variety of different visual styles; a solid grasp of foundational art skills such as color theory, composition, lighting and realistic/ cartoony anatomy. They should also work well in an environment of people who are passionate about creating great art, take constructive criticism very well and be able to complete tasks by the assigned due dates.
Requirements
You love video games!
Excellent illustration and storytelling skills with an eye for perspective, color, lighting, mood and composition.
Advanced knowledge of digital painting (we use Clip Studio in-house, but we’re not particular about what toolset you come from: it’s great work we’re looking for!).
Solid foundation in traditional art, such as figure drawing, industrial design and landscape painting (not necessarily in that order, and not necessarily at the same level).
Experience in a wide variety of styles but also able to work within an established Art Bible’s boundaries.
Excellent communication abilities.
Able to work creatively in a demanding team environment.
A link to your portfolio is an absolute must!
Pluses
Experience in the gaming industry.
We offer
Competitive salary.
Career-development opportunities.
Permanent contract, full-time job.
Work in a growing video games studio.
Office open 24/7 with cafeteria and kitchen facilities.
Join a highly talented team.
Flexible working hours and teleworking an option.
