
Primary Function: 
You will be responsible for revenue generation by responding to existing inbound and outbound inquiries from the new and current online affiliates. You will be in charge of the implementation, onboarding, sales optimization activities, customer care inquires as well as building customer loyalty to drive business growth.
Work schedule:​ 45+ hours / week
Location: ​São Paulo
Are you looking to join a highly ambitious technology startup and build a career in sales and customer care?
Are you looking for a company that will invest time in your development, support your professional growth and listen to your ideas?
Do you want to work with a small, creative team of 14 professionals in Brazil, United States, Spain, Colombia and Mexico​?
 www.WePlann.com.br is an e-commerce startup that offers tickets to musicals, shows, tours, attractions and other fun things to do in the best destinations in the world.
We are looking for a super talented individual to join the team as we prepare the launch of a truly world-class product.
The Account Executive (Online) will be focused on the online market ONLY and will be responsible for revenue generation. You will strategically work with the online affiliates in order to optimize sales by executing strategies, marketing campaigns, calls and emails, always acting in the best interest of the customer and looking for high sales volume.
The successful candidate will be a strongly self-motivated and driven individual who is goal-oriented, methodical and tenacious, and can effectively interact with a team. This position has advancement potential within the sales organization.
Key Responsibilities
● Be the leading customer advocate and primary point of contact for WePlann’s customer relationships
● Spearhead customer onboarding, implementation, and post-launch support
● Provide superior service and support to ensure customer retention and satisfaction
● Educate, train, and support customers on best practices, on the use and benefit of our platform
● Coordinate all activities (sales reports, calls, emails, newsletters) between customer and WePlann’s sales and product teams to ensure customer satisfaction, retention and growth, always seeking optimization to generate sales
● Troubleshoot issues, escalate where needed, and follow up promptly to ensure client expectations are exceeded
● Solicit and share customer feedback to assist with product development
General Requirements
● 2+ years of applicable sales experience, e.g. services, software or similar
● Computer literacy; proficient in Excel​, Google Apps, and CRM tools
● Strong negotiation and accurate forecasting skills
● Ability to assess business opportunities and use data to inform decision making and persuade others
● Ability to manage a large number of customers
● Must be able to work independently
● Excellent organizational, time management, and project management skills
● Strong verbal and written communication and presentation skills
● Proven ability to effectively manage multiple projects and meet deadlines
● Consultative approach with proven relationship building experience
● Languages:
○ English: Fluent
○ Portuguese: Native
○ Spanish: A Plus
● Knowledge of any of the following industry sectors a plus:
○ Ecommerce
○ Tourism
● Interested for global trends regarding top destinations and travel tendencies
● Knowledge of one or more top travel destinations: New York, Las Vegas, London, Rome, Paris, and others
Behavioral Requirements
● A desire to do and achieve brilliant things!
● Passion for traveling
● Authentically curious, you love learning and improving yourself
● Integrity is fundamentally important to you
● You want to make a real difference
● You are naturally entrepreneurial and love startup environments
● You are street smart and resourceful
● You can maintain a direct relationship with customers as their advocate and the product team as their partner in the field

