
But, who is MisterFly ? 
"I’m an online travel booking specialist offering regular & low-cost flights, completed with almost 400 000 hotels. In 2016, more than 360 000 customers chose to trust me to book their travel (yes, they did!). I provide innovative services and I have been awarded with 4 prizes (because I‘m worth it). Furthermore, I am an exclusive partner of venteprivee.com and other beautiful references. 
I am composed of 80 passionate employees and my team is expected to double in 2017! That’s why my founders have decided to launch my first international subsidiary in Spain, in Barcelona”.
MisterFly Spain also means completely renovated offices with a superb view of the Rambla Catalunya and Tibidabo! 
So? Are you inspired by the travel industry? Do you have a winning and adventurous spirit? Do your share our values below ?
	Pleasure : a great work environment where everyone can be creative, productive and grow as an individual and within a team.
	Respect : Aretha Franklin was right ! This is the basis of a good relationship. Our aim is to cultivate & value the diversity. 
	Simplicity : humility, modesty, caring for each other, are the founding principles of what makes MisterFly a human and approachable company. 
	Responsibility : our employees are autonomous, proactive and dare to make decisions and propose new ideas. 
	Solidarity : MisterFly is a partner of the NGO « Imagine for Margo » and contributes to fight against children’s cancer. Solidarity at MisterFly means never take anything for granted. 
Then read on…
Content Specialist’s challenge:
As part of a convivial human-size company, you will be part of the Marketing Department, providing amazing graphic content for our offers (hotels + flights packages), websites, Social Media, and communication supports.
Your role will be to:
	Together with the team, help establish the MisterFly brand in Spain and around Europe through effective & consistent corporate guidelines.
	Create the graphic materials of the products (hotel, flight and pre-package) ensuring compliance with strict specifications.
	Take part in the Social Media brand strategy and create visual material.
	Create marketing material to support our sales & marketing activities (corporate presentations, emailings, banners, ads, etc.).
	Be creative and have your own style by respecting the brand.
	Respect deadlines, liaising with the Production Department, the Community Manager.
	Make the magic happen ! You are selling travel and evasion, so make us dream !
You are the perfect one, if you are:
	Creative : you have your own style but you know how to respect a brand’s guidelines.
	Marketing-oriented : you understand that everything you produce has a specific objetive.
	Independent : you have your own skills and know how to organize your workload.
	A team player : you have the start-up spirit and you like to brainstorm with your colleagues.
	Detail-oriented : you don’t let anybody mess with your Pantones. 
	A Photoshop, Illustrator, Indesign expert.
	Higher education (minimum University degree) in Advertising, Design.
	Some experience in the hotel or tourism industries or e-commerce is a great plus.
	+6 months experience working in a similar position.
	You speak Spanish and English.
	Html or CSS, Java Script proficiency much appreciated.
	A wild desire to be part of a creative, dynamic & multicultural team.
