
Rendertaxi is looking for a talented Junior and Senior 3D artists to join our team in Barcelona. 
We are an international studio for visualisation with offices in Aachen and Barcelona. We create images and animations of unbuilt architecture but are also working in the field of set design in collaboration with photographers and advertisers.
To become a part of the growing Rendertaxi team you should have a strong sensibility for design and composition as well as for materials and colour.
A degree related to Architecture, Design or Fine Arts is preferable, and an interest in photography and visual arts is an advantage.
You enjoy working independently or in small teams on projects throughout the entire process, whilst maintaining good communication with the client. 
You are flexible to multiple changes and comments, especially with short-termed ones, and reliable with tight deadlines.
You are experienced in interpreting the clients drawings, sketches and references.
Accurate and advanced 3d modeling skills in Rhino and Cinema4D as well as excellent 3D rendering capabilities with Vray, Corona and Maxwell are essential. 
Common abilities in CAD software like Vectorworks, animation or scripting skills in Cinema4D or Rhino are well received.
Post-production of images and animations is completed in Photoshop, AfterEffects and Premiere. General knowledge of Illustrator and InDesign is a good-to-have but not a must.
For the current position openings we are ideally looking for artists with skills in Cinema4D and postproduction in Adobe Photoshop, but your sense of aesthetics and style will prevail on software knoweledge. If you are a 3DsMax, Sketchup, Maya user but you are willing to learn Cinema4D we would also like to hear from you.
Languages:
Spanish and English, German would be a plus.
As an applicant you should have a work permit in Europe.
We offer a competitive salary depending on your qualifications and experience.
Content and satisfied employees are the best resources we have, therefore our policy includes on one hand overtime compensation and on the other hand collective activities such as weekend trips, field related conferences or barbecues.
