
Role: Interaction Designer
We are Dreamable Inc, a very passionate San Francisco-based creative startup where folks can stretch themselves creatively and expand their skills.
We are looking for an interaction designer to help us create a state of the art user experience for the LettersTo brand that spans across Web, mobile, and print. As an interaction designer on the team you will be responsible for designing new and updated user experiences, creating concepts, wireframes and visual comps.
In addition to excellent visual and interaction design skills, you would think in terms of end-to-end UI design, applying strategy and business goals to designs, focusing on user feedback, and understanding the relation of visual design to the interaction. We also appreciate good collaboration skills, experience working with product managers, usability researchers, and developers.
Responsibilities
Develop user experience design concepts, wireframes, mockups, usage scenarios, task analysis, prototypes, specifications, navigation maps, design guidelines, and other UX design deliverables.
Develop expert-level knowledge of competitive and complementary products and bring new ideas to the team.
Have good understanding of current design patterns and guidelines for both mobile and web and be able to create a coherent cross device experience.
Help design and maintain design pattern library and templates that will be used across the LettersTo platform.
Ensure that visual design mockups meet the objectives of the user experience, fit with the overall brand and are consistent.
Requirements
5+ years as a designer focused on UX, interaction design, or digital products, creating excellent experiences that delight the customer.
High degree of creativity and problem solving skills.
Ability to think and design holistically to create a cohesive and coherent product experience.
Exceptional understanding of fundamental design principles.
Strong conceptual, visual and analytical skills.
Strong organizational and communication skills.
Proficiency in UX Design tools such as Sketch, Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, Fireworks) or similar tools to create user interfaces.
Experience with responsive design for desktop-to-mobile products.

